Chapter 1814 - Party Crashers (Part 2)

Chapter 1814 - Party Crashers (Part 2)

"Any argument the parents have about the Awakening while the child is still alive becomes a matter of grudge after their death and the one who wanted to Awaken them will blame the other for their death.

"Surtr shared with me the secret of the white core exactly because he couldn't bear the thought of losing me. We have lost a few children already, but thanks to the natural longevity of our species, it has never come down to age…"

Only then did Rethia notice that the music had stopped and that everyone was listening to her lecture about marriage.

'Oh gods, I killed the party! How do I fix that?' She asked Surtr via a mind link.

"Where is this famous ice cream I've heard so much talking about?" He asked. "Mom, I hope you won't mind if I ask Lith the recipe."

"Don't you dare share it with him, Lith!" Sinmara said.

"This is not my home. Here I am a guest as any other." Salaark shook her head. "Lith is free to do whatever he wants."

"But, Mom!" A bit of family drama about ice cream was all it took for the mood to lighten up and people to chuckle at Sinmara trying to pick up a fight with her brother.

After them, Aerth arrived as well. Lith introduced the Blue Phoenix to everyone, explaining that he didn't bear gifts because he had already given Solus one.

Then arrived the Ernas sisters and, much to Lith's surprise, Phloria as well.

"What is she doing here?" He asked.

"I invited her to thank her for taking me to you after Manohar's death." Solus replied. "After spending that night together, I think it's time that I try to mend our relationship."

The more people arrived the more awkward Lith felt. Solus's birthday was turning into an even more complex event than his, and that spoke volumes of the figures that walked through the room, chit-chatting.

'As far as I know, Solus and Phloria never got along ever since I Awakened her. This doesn't bode well.' Lith thought, without even knowing that the worst had yet to come.

The double doors of the ballroom opened once again, letting in more unexpected guests.

Baba Yaga in her Mother form and Lochra Silverwing walked briskly to Solus in their magnificent evening dresses, hugging her as if she has just escaped mortal danger.

"Thank the gods you are alright, Elphyn. I was afraid I'd lost you forever." The Mother looked great in her cream-colored dress. It had a square neckline and was decorated with a solar pattern.

More than her beauty it was the warm tenderness she exuded that made the male guests turn their necks to look at her way longer than it was polite. Aerth studied her with interest, waiting for the right moment to make his move.

"Malyshka? Loka? What are you doing here and what are you talking about?" Solus asked in confusion as the rest of the room readied their spells in case Silverwing tried something funny.

"We know everything about what Bytra did to you and your mother." The First Magus said while her chestnut eyes scanned the room, almost fearing that the Abomination might pop out at any moment.

She wore a dark blue dress embroidered in gold and diamonds. Her light blond hair streaked all over with the seven colors of the elements produced small rainbows as she turned her head left and right.

"I told them. I hope you don't mind it." Salaark said. "I thought that as two of Ripha's oldest friends, they had the right to know."

"I'm so happy to see that you are alright." Both Baba Yaga and Silverwing referred to her tribulation, but Solus thought they were just scared that during Vastor's wedding Bytra might have attempted to finish the job she had started centuries ago.

"I hate to admit it, but you worried for nothing." Solus spat every word, putting in it as much spite as she could. "The Bytra I met is not the same that killed my mother, I'm sure of it. Otherwise I would have killed her on the spot.

"She's more like a daughter who has inherited her mother's memories and it wouldn't be fair to make her pay for something she didn't do. The old Bytra died and my only gripe with it is that she didn't suffer enough."

The Mother and Lochra exchanged a puzzled look, quickly figuring out the misunderstanding. Solus had no idea she had recently undergone a world tribulation of her own.

Not wanting to further ruin her birthday or to burden her mind with a problem they had no solution for, they decided that ignorance was bliss.

"I'm glad to hear it." Silverwing let go of her goddaughter and turned to Lith. "I want to sincerely apologize for my previous behavior. I was wrong in doubting you and your relationship with Elphyn. I hope that you can forgive me."

She gave him a deep bow, leaving everyone flabbergasted.

Lith and Solus kept doubting her, not knowing that her sudden change of heart had solid foundations. A world tribulation could happen only when the will of an individual resonated with Mogar's.

Someone enslaved could never experience a tribulation because their actions would be a reflection of their master's will instead of their own. The personality of a slave couldn't resonate with Mogar simply because they weren't allowed to have one.

"We'll see." Lith said, noticing that they both had brought more paintings for Solus. "You'll be our guest for now, but the moment you show hostility toward me or any member of my family, I'll kick you out."

A quick bright white blaze in the eyes of Surtr, Rethia, Sinmara, and even Salaark told the First Magus that she was one step away from oblivion. Yet she didn't care.

"I'll keep that in mind." She nodded. "Please, if you ever change your mind and decide to turn that traitorous horse into a steak, let me know. I'd be also glad to help you in case you need anything that doesn't involve my secrets.

"I'm sorry but having an eternal life also means having no need for an heir. I don't plan to share my legacy unless strictly necessary."

Lith couldn't help but click his tongue in disappointment.

"Malyshka what happened to Vladion?" Solus asked. "We have tried contacting him but he never answered and not even his family in Lightkeep knows anything."

"He was almost killed by Night's Chosen after he called you." Baba Yaga replied. "He survived solely because of my bond with the Firstborns that gives me their dimensional coordinates.

"Once he realized that he had no way out, he called for me and I rescued him. He's currently recovering in my house where I brought his family to keep him company. These are the documents he had promised you. They should clear any suspicion the Kingdom has about you."

Lith and Solus sighed in relief at the news. Solus had been worried for Vladion while Lith just didn't want to take care of his family as he had promised. Also, the documents about Orpal would clear his image to the Royal Court, making his life easier.

"Malyshka, I need your help." He said, exploiting the unique opportunity in front of him.