Chapter 2399 Mutual Destruction (Part 1)

Chapter 2399 Mutual Destruction (Part 1)

They left the Head Healer’s office and moved to the Intensive Care Unit of the field hospital. Patients in critical condition couldn’t make arguments and treating them was the best way to earn if not the people’s respect at least their acceptance.

“What was I thinking when I decided to pick this as my first assignment for the Code of Practice?” She plunged to the nearest empty spot on the ground, gulping down tonics from her dimensional amulet while pointing at a woman on a stretcher.

“Code of Practice? Are you a fifth-year student?” Tista asked while stabilizing the patient and turning the gangrenous tissues healthy.

While Tista, Nyka, and Solus cleared the Ward and replaced the sacks of nutrients in the IVs, the young Healer’s brain started to work its way through the fog of exhaustion.

“Yes.” Tista and Solus replied in unison while Nyka nodded because why not.

“My name is Solus Verhen and these are my cousin Tista and our friend Nyka.” Solus said with a whisper to not be overheard.

“Oh gods! Guys, we have the Golden Knight and the Fire Goddess among us! Can I have your autograph?” Aridia’s yell was so shrill that it would have burst a few eardrums if Tista hadn’t Hushed her in time.

“Yes to the autograph, but only if you keep quiet.” Tista said. “These people don’t love us and if they discover who we are, we are going to heal them right after knocking them out.”

“The war is over.” Solus shook her head. “There are no enemies, only citizens of the Kingdom.”

“You are heroes and the citizens of Zeska should kiss the ground where you walk just for letting them live. If I were you, I would scream my name and kill whoever dares raise their hand.

She hawked and was about to spit on the ground when she thought about what Vastor would do if he discovered that one of his Healers had dirtied a ward. She swallowed the snot in disgust, but said nothing more.

The people of Zeska and the young mages made no effort to hide how much they despised each other.

“Peace my ass. The war is still ongoing here.” Tista said amid pants. “By the way, Solus, are you sure you can go on like this?”

“Is it me or is there something wrong here?” The more time they spent in the field hospital, the more strange things Nyka noticed. “How come everyone here is well-fed and wears nice clothes?

Solus sighed deeply. She was a citizen of the Kingdom and its shame was her own.

A fight broke out between a student of the Lightning Griffon and a woman, cutting Solus short.

Her hand full of precious rings pointed at a baby boy, carried by a wet nurse, who started crying due to the noise.

“It’s Duchess Jinhan to you!” She cut him short, the frills of her elegant day dress flailing around along with her arms. “I don’t care about your so-called patients, I want my son to get treated so that we can go home.

“She stopped you thieves, she cleaned our cities, and when any of us got so much as a scratch, we would receive immediate and competent care. The Royals not only have destroyed our city and stolen our resources, but they even have the gall to send a bunch of wannabe mages to fix the mess they made!”

“I’ve been bleeding here for hours! Thrud’s Forgotten would have healed me in a jiffy!” A farmer with a wounded foot said.

“You heard them, boy.” Duchess Jinhan poked at the young mage’s chest with her finger, her eyes reduced to slits. “Stop talking and start working or I swear to the gods-“

“Enough!” A bolt of lightning erupted from the student’s hand, sending the noblewoman sprawling on the ground in a seizure.