Chapter 3434 Three Steps (Part 1)

Chapter 3434 Three Steps (Part 1)

"The right question is: what has Lith taught me so far?' Aran started to review his brother's lessons since the camping trip near the Hot Pot.

Aran mulled over the methods to handle the elements of destruction, balance, and creation and the differences between them. As he did, he conjured the elements one by one in his mind, searching for the familiar feeling of elemental energy on his skin rather than a precise physical manifestation.

It took him a while to succeed but aside from a slight burning sensation in his abdomen, nothing happened.

Yes! This is a great start!'Aran felt confident despite the fact that he had been at it for hours and had yet to achieve something.

He had just gotten used to conjuring all six elements in his mind when something slimy slithered on his face. It was wet, rough, and sticky, like a brush covered in tar.

The surprise snapped Aran out of focus, making him emit a high-pitched scream and fall against the wall-curtain of Salaark's office while flailing his arm and legs.

"Wow, that's embarrassing. He recognized Onyx's voice while his eyes were still getting used to the light after being closed for so long. "It's lunchtime. Do you want to eat with me or do you want to do another cockroach dance first?"

"That wasn't a dance!" Aran touched his cheek recognizing the familiar traces of Onyx's saliva after a lick. "I was in deep meditation and you scared me."

"I noticed." The huge Utgard threw herself on her back and mimicked Aran's trashing while mimicking his scream with air magic over and over.

"I don't sound like that!" He blushed in embarrassment.

"You sure do, sweetie." Salaark giggled.

"Grandma? You are still here?" Aran blushed harder.

"This is my office. Where else should I be?"

"Who's bullying a little girl?" The Phoenixes of the honor guard looked around the office after being alarmed by Onyx's repeated screams.

This is the end of Part One. Login to read full content: