Chapter 3680: Gift And Weregild (Part 1)

Chapter 3680: Gift and Weregild (Part 1)

“There is something weird with these Harmonizers.” The Hati Queen said after examining the artifacts. “The design doesn’t match those I know.”

“Indeed.” Urhen the Balor carefully studied the enchantments with her Evil Eyes, suspicion hardening her lovely features. “Even without an imprint, their world energy flow is more vigorous and subtler than the ones the senate uses.

“This wasn’t a part of our deal. Did you add something to control our people? Do you think you can fool us just because there are no Forgemasters among us?”

“Absolutely not!” Aalejah denied the accusation with a curt sweep of her hand. “The Awakened Council has held up its end of the agreement. If you don’t believe me, ask one of your Awakened friends to examine the Harmonizers.”

“Don’t worry, Representative Eventide, we will.” Syrah clenched the armrest, trying not to bare her fangs. “But since we already are at it, do you mind explaining what these things are supposed to be?”

“As I said, Harmonizers.” If the elf was offended by their mistrust, it didn’t show. “The best Harmonizers the late Glemos crafted. There was no point using outdated designs. There are no more castes in Zelex, correct?”

Aalejah asked, and the members of the senate nodded for her to continue.

“These are all exact copies of Garrik’s Harmonizer. With them, your children will have the same chances of stabilizing their life forces once they come of age.”

It was a sweet lie, and everyone knew it. Garrik had worn that Harmonizer from birth, never took it off, and never walked out of the mana geyser per Glemos’ instructions. Xagra and the other children wore no such treasure until the Rite of Passage.

Even worse, most of them had left the mana geyser for a few hours after the ceremony, ruining their chances to have a normal life forever.

“If this is true, you have our deepest gratitude, Representative Eventide.” Syrah and the other mothers knew it was a sweet lie, but they wanted to believe. “Rena, do you mind calling Garrik and Ryla here for a moment, please?”

“Sure thing.” Rena nodded and pressed two runes on her contact amulet.

“Why do you call Rena by her first name instead of by her title, yet you call me Representative Eventide?” Aalejah finally remembered about her Yggdrasill staff and picked it up.

“Because she’s a friend who has taken care of us and our children ever since we met.” Br’ey snorted. “You and the rest of the Council only come here when you need something or to deliver bad news.”

“Point taken.” Aalejah wanted to explain how she had too little free time to use it for courtesy visits.

Her magical studies with Athung, her duties with the Council, and her role as liaison with the elven tribes and now also with the new World Tree barely left her enough hours to call her friends once in a while and not act like a Lich.

Yet the Yggdrasill wood made it clear to her there was no point in saying all that. The people of Zelex didn’t trust Aalejah and would take her words not as an explanation but as excuses.

“Hi, Rena.” Ryla greeted Lith’s sister first, then bowed to the others. “Kamila, Overlord Salaark. Syrah, Br’ey, Urhen, to what do I owe this pleasure?”

“We…” The Hati Queen felt her throat tighten. “Need your help. Garrik’s help, to be precise. Can you confirm these Harmonizers are the same as the one your son wears?”

“One moment. Come in, Garrik. Don’t be afraid. You’re among friends.” Ryla took the Harmonizer Syrah offered her and beckoned to her son.

“Hi, aunties.” Garrik clung to his mother’s leg, feeling the weight of the glares on him.

“Hi, sweetie!” Salaark’s aura broke the tension in the room, and when she opened her arms, Garrik went for a hug.

The senate’s members still resented Ryla and her son. In their eyes, the Fomor and her hybrid spawn had always enjoyed an unfair preferential treatment, and they still did.

While Glemos was alive, Ryla and Garrik had never suffered hunger or taken part in the Rites of Succession. They had always had state-of-the-art Harmonizers while everyone else burned their lifespan more quickly.

After Glemos’ death, they had moved to the Verhen Mansion. They experienced every day the freedom Syrah and the others dreamed of. They lived under the sun, ate delicious foods, and Garrik played in the woods like a normal child.

All while Xagra and the other children of Zelex lived in the underground cave that had been their prison since the day they were born. Ryla and Garrik having a communication amulet only infuriated Syrah more.

“They look identical to Garrik’s, and the world energy flow seems the same, but I’m no Forgemaster. Kamila?” Ryla offered her the Harmonizer.

“Thanks for the vote of confidence, but the only high-tier magic I know is dimensional magic. Grandma?” Kamila passed it to Salaark.

“Some minor improvements here, a few incompetent blunders there, but there is no trick. These Harmonizers work a little better than Garrik’s.” Salaark said with a nod.

“Incompetent blunders?” Syrah echoed in outrage. “Overlord Salaark, are you telling me the Awakened Council had second-rate Forgemasters craft our Harmonizers?”

Follow new episodes on the "N0vel1st.c0m".

“I’m sorry. That came out wrong.” Salaark raised her hand with her palm out. “There are rookie mistakes in the crafting method, but only according to my standards. In the same way, compared to me, even the best Forgemaster in the Council is a second-rate. And I’m being very generous.”

“Thanks, Overlord.” Syrah and the others stored the Harmonizers, uncluttering the space in the Tea Hall. “How are our people faring in Jiera, Representative Eventide?”

“Not worse than the others.” Aalejah sighed. “The situation has gotten better than before, but days-long fights break out whenever a Lost City or a monster tide approaches the mana geysers we control.”

“How many casualties?” Syrah went straight to the point.

“Fewer of your people die than are born.” Which didn’t mean much since the people of Zelex could reproduce quickly just by reverting to their fallen state. “Goblins suffer the most casualties. Then Hati, Orcs, Balors, Ogres, and Trolls.”

“What?” Urhen was flabbergasted. “Why aren’t Balors on the bottom of the list? My people can fly, have many bloodline abilities, and can conjure powerful elemental pillars even away from a mana geyser!”

“Indeed.” Aalejah nodded. “But unlike Ogres and Trolls, Balors have no regenerative abilities. All it takes in the chaos of battle to bring down even the mightiest of warriors is one wound.

“Flying only makes Balors more prone to fall behind enemy lines.”

Goblins were individually weak, so a high number of casualties was expected. The Hatis’ greatest ability was to pool their strength into their leader and take their wounds, but that left many of them helpless, so deaths were inevitable with each fight.

Orcs were powerful as well, but mostly as mages. The moment they were dragged into close-quarter combat by more than one enemy, they were easy prey. Balors were mighty warriors and mages, but that wasn’t the reason Urhen couldn’t accept their loss.

Balors developed just a bit faster than humans, and rarely did a pregnancy deliver more than one baby at a time. Replacing a dead Balor took years, and if too many of them died, they might even risk extinction.