Chapter 3674: Paper Tiger (Part 1)

Chapter 3674: Paper Tiger (Part 1)

"We recruited only the lowest and most desperate among the Fae, and they joined us not because they believed in our cause, but because they had no other choice." The Horseman growled with twin voices.

"Those who fought for us today were the scum of their respective clans, criminals on the run from the Council, or traitors of their own species. Yet they almost conquered one of the greatest fortresses of the Undead Courts and failed only against the same weapon that destroyed the World Tree.

"There is no shame in that, only glory. We have turned that rabble into veteran warriors who have survived a great battle. When we recruit the next batch of Thralls, more will join us, and this time not just the rabble.

"Anyone with a shred of ambition will think, ’If such filth became so powerful, then there’s nothing I won’t be able to do once I become an Upyr’. On top of that, we have forced Leech to reveal his strongest cards.

"We took the Undead Courts by surprise, and he took us by surprise. Yet upon our next encounter, he’ll find us ready while he and the Courts will be as helpless as they were today. Information is power, Erion.

"We’ve learned much and lost little." The Horseman of Night gestured with their hand for the survivors to gather. "I warned you that our brother is bonded to a living legacy as well. Did any of you notice what it might be?"

"Verhen came alone." Uragar spoke through his host while the others nodded. "He didn’t use anything special but that colossal golem."

"A mere ’no’ would have sufficed." Night clicked her tongue in disappointment.

"Can’t that be his living legacy?" Akhton the Bastet asked. "Many things about Verhen’s strength would make sense if he were bonded to a lost city."

Night, Orpal, Uragar, and anyone with knowledge of the living legacy laughed in Akhton’s face.

"No, it can’t." The Book of Knowledge replied once he was done mocking the Bastet. "A living legacy’s true body can never get even one meter away from its host. Just like me and Night. Did you see Verhen walk around with a colossal golem joined at his hip?"

"The black sword, then?" Akhton asked bitterly. "It speaks, after all."

"It can’t be that either." Night shook her head. "I tasted its edge many times, and it was no cursed object. On top of that, Verhen often stores it, and a living legacy can’t enter a dimensional item. We are living beings."

"So that’s one big question you still have to answer." Uragar said. "Verhen is already powerful as he is. If he really has a living legacy, he would be unstoppable. I fought him today, and I can tell you that Orpal may be a Divine Beast, but Verhen is a monster!"

"Quit whining like a child, Uragar." Orpal snapped. "Despite all his clever tricks and powerful artifacts, Leech is no monster. He’s just one man. The deadliest man you’ll ever meet, that is."

Then, realizing that he had complimented his hated brother, Orpal rushed to add:

"Aside from me, of course."

***

Verhen Mansion, at the same time.

"I’m glad it was a clean victory, but are you sure revealing the Prime Engine like that was a good idea?" Kamila asked.

"Positive." Lith replied. "Everyone already knows I have a fabled weapon that can be used with the help of a mana geyser. Hiding it under such dire circumstances would have just raised more questions.

"Meln already knew from the War of the Griffons I can conjure Demons and use Ruin, I showed nothing of my hand he didn’t already know."

"You’re forgetting about my Blade Spell, my Liege." Locrias conjured a small, weak version of Unbreakable Anvil to show it to his daughter and wife.

"I haven’t, Locrias." Lith shook his head. "Everyone also knows I have Ripha by my side and that Rulers of the Flames can craft Blade Weapons. Now the Council will think she crafted your equipment, and that if anything happens to me, she’ll be lost forever again.

"Your Blade Spell increased my value in the eyes of the Awakened community while also hiding the fact that all of you can now use Blade Spells." Lith looked at Valia, Trion, and Varegrave.

"After all, I’m still rusty." Menadion winked.

"If everything went as you wanted, why aren’t you smiling?" Kamila asked.

"Because Meln is done hiding, Kami." Solus sighed. "He has dealt the first blow, and others will follow. This is just the beginning."

***

News of the battle for the Stonewall Fortress spread during the following days, and it became a hot topic for weeks. Everyone rejoiced at the Undead King’s latest defeat, but the curiosity of many was piqued.

Could Orpal really raise such a powerful army in such a short time? Had he mastered Dusk’s powers? If yes, wasn’t Orpal the only Divine Beast on Mogar with all the main bloodline abilities of the Guardians?

Last, but not least, could he really give such powers to anyone?

Despite the mockery and spite that always accompanied the accurate reports of his defeat, many of those speaking about it could barely hold the greed and desire to possess the powers of an Upyr.

It was the reason Orpal himself had spread the rumors.

The Undead Courts would have rather remained silent about their shameful performance, and Lith had no interest in gaining more fame than he already had. Orpal, however, needed to clear up his reputation.

For someone as despised as him, such a close defeat was as good as a victory.

Finally, people were talking about him and not to mock him.

Of course, it didn’t take Lith long to understand it was Orpal’s doing and give his version of the events to the authorities.

"Are you sure the Upyrs were mostly plant folk and Fae?" Lotho the Treant, the plant representative in the Awakened Council, asked.

"I am." Lith conjured a hologram of the battlefield. "Is this enough to convince you, or do you want to speak with the Dawn King?"

"I’m sorry. I just hoped you were mistaken." Lotho sighed.

One image was worth a thousand words and, in his case, also about 1,200 humiliations.

"I can’t believe that after the War of the Griffons, after everything the Incontinent King did, my people stooped so low." The Treant clenched his hands in helpless rage.

"Well, they did." Raagu Drerian, the human representative, said. "And I bet more will follow. We can’t stop them, but you can keep an eye and report to us all the plant folk who suddenly disappear."

"I’ll try, but it’s not that easy." Lotho groaned. "Plant folk live where they want and do what they want. Only those who live in one of our cities can be tracked."

"What are your estimates, Verhen?" Feela asked. "How long should it take Meln to raise another army if he has enough recruits?"

"Not much." Lith replied. "Even if he keeps a human appearance, he’s still a Divine Beast. Look."

He prickled his skin with an Adamant needle, squeezing out a droplet of blood. As soon as it left his body, it reverted to its real size. Lith stored it in a glass container and showed it to the Council representatives.