Chapter 3687: One Of Them (Part 2)

Chapter 3687: One of Them (Part 2)

“Well…” Selia struggled to find a non-paper-thin rebuttal. “I… she…We have an adamant no-Dryads policy in this house!”

“Since when?” The children asked in confusion.

“Since now.” Selia’s glare brooked no further argument.

‘Thank the gods I leave today.’ Salman inwardly whined so well that it would have earned him the children’s appreciation, if only they could hear him.

***

“Today is the day Salman moves into Rena’s house, correct?” Kamila asked.

“Yep.” Lith donned his Supreme Magus robe.

“I thought you trusted Rena. That you weren’t worried about her.” Solus said.

“I do.” Lith strapped Ragnarök to his hip. “And I’m not. It’s Salman I’m worried about.”

After rescuing the Rezar, Nalrond had taken care of sharing the details of Salman’s many conquests with Lith, awakening every protective instinct in his bones.

“Then where are you going dressed like that?” Solus asked.

“I just want to talk to him.” Lith replied.

“In high uniform?” Kamila snorted. “That looks more like a threat.”

“I just want to talk to him.” Lith echoed, his voice turning deadpan.

“Then what do you need Ragnarök for?” Solus pointed at the angry blade, which trembled in excitement, feeling its master’s bloodlust.

“I just want to stab him.”

“What did you say?” Kamila froze on the spot.

“For the umpteenth time, I’m just going to talk to him, okay? No violence.”

“Yeah, right.” Solus scoffed. “I’m coming with you.”

“We are coming with you.” Kamila corrected her. “Do I need to bring the babies?”

“No.” Lith replied.

“Yes.” Solus ignored him. “They are our best bet to make him behave.”

Lith and Ragnarök groaned as one, Warping everyone to Selia’s house.

***

It was hard to tell whether the Fastarrows or Salman were more relieved from parting ways. The goodbye was short but heartfelt and not without its tears.

“See, Mom? Even Auntie Kami has a deep green core now!” For the first time in his life, Leran’s instinct told him that Kamila was magically stronger than he was.

“Her kids are Awakened too, and she makes no fuss!” Lilia chimed in. “Why can’t you be as cool as her?”

“I’ll see you later at the Mansion for our training, Kami.” Selia could barely hold back tears of frustration. “I can’t believe I’m looking forward to attending school.”

“Kids, time for school.” Ryman said, and the kids cheered. “Not you, Solkar and Fenrir. You’re too young.”

“I’ll be quiet, Dad. I promise.” Fenrir begged while Solkar baby-babbled.

Follow new episodes on the "".

“I believe you, but you’d get bored.” Ryman caressed her head. “You are going to play with the Lenart, Teryon, and Falco. Happy?”

“Yay!” The baby girl rejoiced, leaving the toddler pointing at himself.

“You…” Ryman scratched his head.

Selia needed a break, and he couldn’t take the shapeshifting typhoon with him. Nalrond was busy with the preparations for his wedding, and Ryla was undergoing Quylla’s treatments.

“Lith, can I borrow Ophya and Vyla?”

“Define borrow.” Selia’s head snapped like a whip.

“As babysitters for Solkar.” Protectors just looked at his wife, yet she could read a whole paper about double standards in his eyes.

“I was just curious.” She cleared her throat.

“Sure.” Lith nodded. “Tell them that Valeron and Elysia will join him as soon as we’re done with this.”

“Will do. Bye!” Ryman Warped away.

“Goodbye, Selia, and sorry for all the trouble I’ve caused you.” Salman would miss the huntress and Protector, but not their children.

“It’s fine.” She exhaled heavily. “We both live in Lutia. We’ll see each other often. If you need advice, don’t hesitate to ask.”

“Thanks.” Salman turned to Lith. “Walk, flight, or Warp?”

“Walk.” The mood was wrong, and Lith couldn’t give Salman a “talk” in the presence of witnesses. “If the people of Lutia see you with us, it will make your life much easier. They are not afraid of strangers anymore, but they would still bury you with questions.”

Meanwhile, behind the closed door, Selia took deep breaths while enjoying the silence. Even her heart seemed to have become quieter, not to disturb that rare moment of peace.

Her stomach, however, did not.

The kitchen still smelled of hot stew, and stress had worked her up quite an appetite. A deep growl broke the silence, forcing her to stand up.

“It’s all those wolfheads’ fault!” She heated the stew with magic and poured herself a generous serving onto a plate. “All that talking and whining about food turned me into one of them. I didn’t have lunch for breakfast since my last-”

The words “one of them” echoed in her head like a tribal chant, and her spoon splashed into the plate.

“Please, no. No, no, no!” Selia used Invigoration on herself, but the only thing she found was an empty stomach growling for more stew. “Thank the gods!”

She gobbled her food in relief, going for seconds.

“I had enough of children for now. I have a long life as an Awakened, but I need some gods-damned silence, not another living avalanche!”

Selia was at her third serving when she realized what she was doing.

“Wait. This is much worse!” She gasped. “I can’t stop talking and eating. I’m really becoming one of them! Gods, help me!”

Only silence answered her plea.

“Calm down, Selia, you’re being silly talking to yourself.” She said. “You can ask the gods for help later, when you meet them during the magic lesson.”

***

The very handsome stranger drew a lot of attention to himself when the group reached Lutia, but no one bothered him. People assumed Salman was one of Lith’s guests and let him be.

“Thanks for picking me up.” Salman beamed with joy so much that Lith felt a tinge of guilt in his withered heart. “You have no idea how hard it is to stay in a house where the kids hate you.

“I don’t blame Nalrond for telling those things about me, but it didn’t make living there any less unpleasant. I know I’ve been a horrible person. All I ask is a chance to prove I’m not that man anymore. I don’t expect parades or pats on my back, I just want the benefit of the doubt.”

“I hear you.” Lith sighed, feeling his guilt growing many sizes. “Don’t worry. My sister is one of the kindest people I know, and Leria is a sweet child. As for the triplets, you’ll be fine as long as you can endure their constant barrage of questions.”

“What questions?” Salman asked.

“What is this, why is that, and so on. You know how children that age are.” Lith shrugged and swallowed his threatening speech.

“Actually, I don’t.” Salman would have cleared his throat in embarrassment, if he could just stop turning his head around and gaping in amazement. “I’m not good with children. I never had younger siblings, nor did I ever consider starting up a family.

“I believed myself too young to chain myself to a life of duty.”

The Rezar had spent over twenty years in the Fringe and the last three in the little village of Gabash. He had never been to a small-sized city, let alone a medium-sized and thriving city like Lutia.

The paved roads and the tall stone buildings were something he had only seen in illustrated books.