Chapter 3686: One Of Them (Part 1)

Chapter 3686: One of Them (Part 1)

“First of all, Aran and Leria didn’t get Awakened. They self-Awakened.” Selia turned the heat under the stew down to deal with her children without ruining their next meal. “There’s a big difference. Second of all, what’s the big deal?

“You are still growing. Give yourselves a bit of time, and you’ll naturally reach the green. Awakening makes little difference for you since you are already stronger than human kids and can use true and fusion magic.”

“But we can’t use Life Vision!” Leran protested.

“And Fire Vision! And Invigoration!” Lilia nodded.

“And I’m hungry!” Even though Fenrir had just finished her breakfast, her mouth watered as the delicious smell of the stew wafted to her nose.

“Will you stop yelling in my ears?” Selia grabbed Fenrir and put her down, scowling at her other two children as her patience was reaching the breaking point.

“I’m sorry, Mom…” Leran lowered his gaze in embarrassment.

“It’s alright, dear.” Selia sighed in relief. “Just don’t bring Awakening up again.”

“But I’m hungry too.” He finished the phrase and destroyed the huntress’ illusion of victory.

“I could eat some stew.” Lilia said as her stomach growled.

“That’s our lunch!” Selia was flabbergasted. “You ate less than ten minutes ago.”

“I could eat something as well.” Protector said from his chair, where he was reading the news on his amulet.

“You lied to me!” Her growl was so majestic that the kids applauded her. “You are no wolf. You are a locust, and our children are human-locust hybrids!”

“What’s a locust?” Lilia asked, and the other two kids nodded.

“A voracious, adorable bug.” Selia glossed over everything that could hurt her children’s feelings. “Also, if your father is here, why are you bugging me? Why don’t you go and pester him?”

“We tried, but he just said no and refused to argue.” Leran sighed. “Dad’s not like you, Mom. He’s no fun.”

“Fun?” Selia held the wooden spoon so hard that her knuckles popped. “This is fun for you?”

“Yes!” The kids replied in unison, staring at her with big smiles on their happy little faces. “You’re the best, Mom. Do the growl again!”

Selia whimpered instead of growling, but the kids still appreciated her flawless wolf impression and gave her a standing ovation.

“Come on, kids. Your mom needs five minutes of silence.” Salman said. “Come eat your stew and leave her alone.”

The Rezar set the table with Light Mastery and served the stew with water magic.

“Thanks, Salman.” The kids glared coldly at him, forming a protective circle around their mother.

Only when it was clear Salman wouldn’t approach Selia did they sit at the table and wolf down the food.

“Apologize to Uncle Salman when you’re done eating.” Ryman said, and the kids emitted a low growl in response. “Don’t worry, dear. I’ll take the kids to school and prepare another lunch when I’m back. Go relax.”

“Thanks, dear.” Selia sighed, knowing she was going to regret speaking her next words. “Guys, why are you so cold to our guest? Salman has been nothing but kind to you, and today he leaves our home. Can’t you be nice to him as a send-off gift?”

“We can’t lower our guard while a mom-stealer lives under our roof.” Lilia grunted in between gulps of stew.

“Don’t worry, Mom. We’ll protect you.” Leran nodded.

“Mom!” Fenrir dropped her spoon and jumped across the table onto Selia’s lap.

“Bark!” Solkar had no idea why the pack was unanimously hostile to the tall guy, but he did his part to the best of his abilities.

He barked and growled at Salman, wagging his tail like the excited puppy he was before running to Selia to collect his protection fee.

Follow new episodes on the "".

“You’re hungry too?” Selia took the baby boy in her arms and fed him with a bottle from her dimensional amulet. “How many times do I have to tell you Salman’s not a mom-stealer?”

The only answer she obtained was more cold glares addressed at the Rezar, plus what passed for a glare from Fenrir and Solkar. The little girl looked constipated rather than threatening, and the little boy looked just happy.

“Tell it to Uncle Nalrond.” Leran said after he cleaned his plate.

The Agni had never shared much of his past with the adults, but he had opened up to Ryman’s and Selia’s children while babysitting them. Back when they lived in the cottage in the woods, they spent all day together, and Nalrond often told the children stories of his past to pacify them.

They were, of course, all age-appropriate, yet Salman was mentioned multiple times and never in an endearing light. Nalrond still resented his village mate and believed Salman to be dead, so there was no reason to hide his wrongdoings.

Not wanting to explain concepts like cheating and seduction, Nalrond had simplified things, turning Salman into a bad man who took mothers away from their families.

‘After all, if Salman hadn’t destroyed those relationships, those couples would have had children.’ Nalrond used to think. ‘So, he did take mothers away.’

“Why are you so suspicious?” Selia nodded in apology at the Rezar. “Look at your father and how calm he is.”

Protector had never made a fuss or said a word while the tall, attractive stranger lived in their home, even when he had to leave for most of the day for work.

“Dad’s too good.” Lilia replied.

“Dad’s too trusting.” Leran said.

“I want seconds!” Fenrir said.

“Nonsense.” Ryman took the baby girl from Selia’s lap and gave her another serving of stew. “Here, kids. What do you smell?”

He offered the children his hand, and they sniffed it.

“You, Dad. Then Mom and Fenrir.” They replied.

“Now do the same to your mother.” Protector nodded.

“She smells like stew.” Leran liked his lips. “Under that, there’s her smell, yours, Dad, and ours.”

“Exactly.” Protector replied. “As long as Salman’s smell doesn’t overcome mine or you smell nothing at all, there’s nothing to fear. It means he didn’t approach Mom, nor did he cover his tracks.”

“I take it back! You’re a genius, Dad!” The children celebrated Protector while Selia went pale.

“That’s why you were so calm? You checked on me?” She asked.

“First thing in the morning, last thing before leaving, and first thing when I get back home.” Ryman nodded.

“Ryman!” Selia was outraged. “What do you think you are teaching the children?”

“To always trust but verify.” Protector’s eyes narrowed. “Why? Did you expect me not to be jealous when a much more attractive man with a horrible track record lives under our roof? Can I expect you not to be jealous if one day I bring a Dryad home?”

“Over my dead body!” Selia jumped up from her seat, and Solkar yelped in surprise. “I mean… That would be different.”

“Different how?” Protector crossed his arms, which were thicker than most trees.

His human appearance was a mere choice, but he always pictured himself as a warrior, not some adonis. His human stature and build reflected his mentality. He was handsome, but no magazine cover material.

Salman, instead, was the kind of man who could have been a celebrity and have an entire magazine dedicated to him on Earth. Worst of all, Protector was all too familiar with such concepts due to sharing Lith’s memories.