Chapter 3683: Starting Point (Part 2)

Chapter 3683: Starting Point (Part 2)

Truth be told, Urhen felt no less stupid than how Quylla had judged her to be.

“Once I’m done with Urhen, with a bit of luck, I’ll have gained enough familiarity with the process to work on you guys.” Quylla continued. “Syrah, one of my dearest friends, Protector, belongs to an Emperor Beast’s species called Skoll.

“He told me he felt a strong kinship with you Hati since the first time you met. I believe I can use him as the best next thing to a perfect Hati, and he has already volunteered to help you.

“Br’ey, I know no elf, but since Aalejah is here…”

“You don’t need to ask.” Aalejah chimed in. “If you need my help, you’ll have it. I won’t abandon you, cousin.”

“Thanks.” Br’ey said.

“Also, my friend Ryssa the Dryad has volunteered to help the Ogres.” Quylla said. “Useless to say, no other research will be possible until I’m done with both Ryla and Urhen. If I don’t succeed with them, it’s unlikely I can do any better with another fallen race.”

“I understand.” Syrah nodded. “Thank you, Great- I mean, Quylla, and sorry for our earlier outburst.”

“Don’t mention it.” Quylla shook her head. “Another reason I called you here is that I need to study your life forces and those of the other fallen races of Zelex right now, or at least in the next few days.

“It will take time, it won’t be pleasant, and I need to examine you all thoroughly in your reverted form and fallen state away from the geyser. Starting and arrival points, remember?” She answered their silent question.

“Didn’t you just say no further research is possible?” Br’ey was afraid to sound stupid as well, but the idea of being experimented upon again made her shudder.

“It is, but now that I’m pregnant, I can notice and understand things that in my normal condition I would overlook.” Quylla nodded. “My abilities are more than tripled now, which makes it the perfect moment to collect data.

“I hope you don’t expect me to make babies non-stop just to further my research.”

“I’m all for it.” Morok said with a stoic face. “It’s a sacrifice I’m willing to make.”

“Of course, you would.” Quylla blushed wildly, making the other women chuckle.

“Thanks for being so patient and explaining everything to us, Quylla.” Br’ey said. “We can start immediately, if you want.”

“With Aalejah here, I’d start with you two, if you don’t mind.” Quylla said, receiving noes in reply. “Just to be clear, assuming everything works, I’ll work on Traughen, Trolls, and Goblins last. The order for them doesn’t matter.”

“Why?” This time it was Kamila asking the question.

“Because they evolved from extinct races that have no ties with humanity.” Quylla replied. “There is no one I know who is a Dvergalf or an Odi. Without an arrival point, it will be a matter of guesswork and luck.”

“And thank the gods for that.” Morok said, drawing spiteful glares on himself until he added: “The Odi. I meant the Odi, not your friends. We’ve met those bastards and I wouldn’t repeat the experience for the world.”

“I see.” Syrah sighed. “I’m sorry for them and a bit for myself. If your research ever succeeds, Quylla, we’ll be for them what Ryla is for us now. They’ll envy and resent us.”

“Even if my research fails, I’ve already advanced Ryla’s life force by about three generations of Fomors wearing the Harmonizer.” Quylla said. “It means about 45 years less before the Harmonizer induces a stable life force.

“This, I’m sure I can do for all of you. Maybe I won’t be able to undo your fallen state, but I’ll shorten the time before a perfect member of your races is naturally born.”

“Three generations of children saved from pain, hunger, and imprisonment is already an amazing boon.” Syrah looked at Quylla with new respect and admiration. “But can you really help so many of us by yourself?”

“No, but I don’t plan to keep my research a secret.” Quylla replied. “Once I have something concrete on all the fallen races, I can instruct other Healers, and they can help your people. Who knows, maybe I’ll become the Arisen Magus for this.”

“From your lips to the gods’ ears.” Quylla expressed her ambition for Magushood as a joke, but Br’ey took it seriously.

“I’m sorry, Quylla, but what about Yaga?” Kamila asked.

“What about her?” Quylla replied.

“She is, or rather, was an Odi.” Kamila said. “As a white core, she reached the apex of the Odi potential. Trolls and Traughen are just steps towards whatever she is.”

“You are very kind, Kamila, but also naïve.” Aalejah sighed. “White cores are creatures of legend. You can’t just call them like that.”

Follow new episodes on the "N0vel1st.c0m".

‘Maybe I should have started by mentioning Baba Yaga is in the park, playing with the children.’ Kamila swallowed hard.

“Damn, I’m the stupidest genius ever!” Quylla tried and failed to jump from her seat. “I hadn’t thought of that. Let’s call her now.”

“Yeah, right.” Aalejah said while Kamila fiddled with her amulet. “And I’m a chicken.”

“Yes, dear?” Baba Yaga in her mother form Warped in the room. “What can I do for you?”

“Cluck, cluck.” The elf whimpered.

Quylla explained to the Mother her idea and asked Baba Yaga for her help.

“I bet someone like you remembers what your life force as an Odi looked.” Quylla said. “If you do and let me study you as you are now, those poor people of Zelex might have a real chan-”

Quylla’s voice died in her throat as the Mother’s mouth twisted down and her peaceful gaze turned into ill-concealed rage. Baba Yaga was always so calm that her fury was beyond terrifying.

It was akin to staring at a tornado coming your way and your feet refused to move, glued to the ground by the sheer futility of trying to escape.

“My answer is no.” The Mother’s voice was reduced to a cold growl. “To all of it. The Odi have gone extinct for a good reason, and they should stay that way.”

“But, you are one of them!” As the Queen, Syrah fought her fear to speak on behalf of her people. “You know what trolls have gone through. How can-”

“I know what trolls went through, insolent child.” Baba Yaga didn’t release one shred of killing intent or magical aura not to scare the unborn babies, but the intensity of her gaze was enough to make everyone cower.

“The question is, do you, child? Answer me!”

“They suffer from hunger, madness, cannibalism…” Syrah stuttered every word, and Yaga didn’t let her finish.

“That’s something even newborns know.” She said. “I asked you if you know what trolls have gone through. Do. You. Know?”

“No.” Syrah whimpered. “I wasn’t there. No one was.”

“I sure was!” The Mother snarled. “I was born in one of the lowest castes of the Odi! I was there when those bastards started collecting my people for their crazy experiments. How do you think Trolls came to be?

“It was no miracle of evolution. It was patient, gruesome work that cost the lives of thousands of ‘useless’ people like me.”