Chapter 3688: Defensive Line (Part 1)

Chapter 3688: Defensive Line (Part 1)

A single road of Lutia hosted more people than the entire Rezar village, making Salman stare at everything in amazement.

Countless new and delicious smells wafted through the air every time they walked by a restaurant or a grocery store.

“That’s a very romantic way to define marriage.” Solus grunted, holding Valeron the Second to her chest.

“Bad?” The boy asked while pointing at the Rezar and trying to make sense of her irritation.

“No.” Lith shook his head. “Everyone is entitled to their opinion, son.”

“Ba!” Elysia trusted Solus’ judgment and took her side.

“And that’s your opinion, young lady.” Lith replied.

“Ba?” The baby girl turned to Kamila for a tiebreaker.

“It’s complicated, sweetie.” She sighed.

They were approached many times, and Salman would always flinch, afraid that one of the Lutians might be after him.

“Relax.” Kamila patted his shoulder. “No one is going to hurt you. Lith was born in Lutia, and the people here are proud to have him as a fellow citizen. Until a few years ago, this place was a small village too.

“Lutia grew with Lith’s success and under his protection. People admire and feel indebted to him.”

“Also, I bet they’re envious of him.” Salman said. “I’m not talking about his powers. I know I’ve lived in small villages, but I couldn’t help but notice that Lith is surrounded by gorgeous women.”

He respectfully nodded at Solus and Kamila.

“Gorgeous? Me?” Kamila was flattered, but also stunned. “Haven’t you met Tista?”

“No. Who is she?” Salman was even more stunned by her reaction.

“My sister.” Lith replied. “Salman has only met Selia, Friya, Faluel, and Solus.”

“As I said, gorgeous women.” The Rezar shrugged.

“Hold that thought.” Solus sighed. “We’ll see if you don’t change your mind in a while.”

***

Once they arrived at the Proudhammer Household, the entire family was assembled to welcome the newcomer. The entire family plus two.

Aran and Onyx were lined up with the others, staring at Salman in suspicion.

As for the Rezar, he stared at Rena with wide eyes and an open mouth, giving life to a perfect impression of a dead fish.

When he had heard that Rena was Lith’s older sister and the mother of four, he had expected a plump, kind woman. Not a striking beauty 1,70 meters (5’7″) tall with a slender body that turned curvy only in the right places.

Her shoulder-length blonde hair shone like gold under the sunlight and was further emphasized by its black streaks.

“What are you doing here, little brother?” Lith asked.

“Lilia and Leran warned me you were bringing a handsome and dangerous man to Rena’s home, big brother. I was worried for her.” Aran studied Salman with Life Vision. “They lied to me. At least about the handsome part.”

“I beg your pardon?” Those words snapped Salman out of his reverie.

He knew to be a big fish in a small pond, but so far, he had yet to find his equal. Nalrond and Protector were nowhere as attractive, while Lith’s stern expression made him too imposing to be charming.

“You’re nothing much.” Aran shrugged. “You are weaker than my big brother, and we’ve all met countless guys cooler than you. My sister is weak in the body, not the heart. You have no chance with her.”

Follow new episodes on the "".

“Excuse you?” Rena grunted. “Who’s weak in the body?”

“You.” Aran shrugged, “You are the only one of us siblings who hasn’t Awakened, have you?”

“He’s right, Mom.” Conceding her rival’s point only wounded Leria’s pride more. “Uncle Lith, Auntie Tista, Aran…”

“Hey, where’s my title?”

“And even Uncle Trion is technically an Awakened.” Leria ignored him. “You and Surin are the only ones not Awakened, but Auntie Surin is a baby. She doesn’t count.”

“Wa!” Elysia said in outrage. “Ahr ny shor!”

“Clau ta nhi.” Leria replied, and Aran nodded.

Elysia giggled and puffed smoke out of her nostrils with pride.

“How did you answer her nonsense?” Rena was as wide-eyed as Salman.

“That was no nonsense, big sis. That’s Dragontongue.” Aran replied.

“Dragons are real?” Salman asked, his face a mask of shock.

“Since when do you speak Dragontongue?” Rena fared no better.

“Since Grandpa Valtak lived with us in the Mansion after getting hurt.” Sadness veiled Aran’s eyes. “The Dragon aunties and uncles who often came to visit him taught us.”

“You have Dragon aunt and aunties?” Salman echoed in disbelief.

“Of course we do.” Rena dismissed his questions like they were stupid. “What did Elysia just say?”

“Hey! I’m a baby too!” Leria translated. “And I told her ‘you are an exception’.”

“And a baby that young understood all that?” The poor Rezar stared at Elysia like she was a monster. “I need to sit down.”

“Here, let me help you.” Senton supported Salman to the nearest chair. “I’m Senton Proudhammer. Rena’s husband and the father of these adorable, but annoying children.”

“Dad, you are ruining our entrance!” The triplets said as one, waving their script.

“Nice to meet you, Mister Proudhammer.” Senton smelled and looked like a normal man. A last tether of sanity in a world that seemed to have gone insane. “I don’t know what you’ve heard about me, but I’m afraid it’s mostly true.

“I’ve been a despicable man in the past. Yet I want you to know that not even at my lowest point have I ever courted a married woman or one with a family. Your wife is both, and I’d rather die than stoop to the level of my old self, let alone go lower.

“I swear it on the ashes of my people.”

Even though it didn’t make things much better, it was the truth. Back in the Rezar village, Salman felt no guilt about what he did because, according to his logic, he was doing the other men a favor.

‘Someone willing to break her promises after a bit of flattery just for excitement’s sake is not someone worthy of becoming anyone’s wife. If it weren’t me, it would have been someone else.’ Salman used to think.

“Lith told us your story, and I want to believe you, Salman. I want to believe in second chances.” Senton glossed over the part about Nalrond telling everyone about the Rezar’s questionable past.

Leria and Aran had taken the matter seriously, but not as Lilia and Leran. They had lived for years with Nalrond and their relationship with him was much deeper. Nalrond was a dear friend to Leria and Aran but a big brother to Lilia and Leran.

Protector’s children would never forgive Salman for making their big brother suffer.

“I want you to feel welcome in this house, but I also want you to understand how precious and rare a second chance is. If you cause trouble, there won’t be a third. I’m but a human blacksmith and you could probably defeat me with one hand but I am not alone.”

“He’s talking about me.” Abominus was in his Pyrmir form, standing two meters (6’7″) tall at the withers. His thick blue fur was streaked red and yellow all over.

His tail seemed to be comprised of a single, masterfully chiseled crystal and ice spikes covered his neck in the form of a mane.