Chapter 3685: It’S Molting Time (Part 2)

Chapter 3685: It’s Molting Time (Part 2)

“It is.” Lith countered in mild indignance. “The deep green marks the threshold of stable tier three magic and allows the practice of tier four. You were a magica and now you are a mage! Welcome into our ranks, Kamila Verhen.”

Lith gave her a deep bow that made her giggle.

“Thanks, Lith Verhen. I have to admit that when you put it this way, this breakthrough is quite the milestone.” She replied with a curtsy.

“Not quite a milestone, but a huge milestone.” Lith tutted. “You forget that, along with your success, today our little Ral demonstrated three elemental affinities. Also, if his growth helped your core development, it means he’s Awakened as well.”

“Oh, gods, you are right! I was so stunned that I missed that.” Kamila brought her hands to her womb, smiling from the heart.

“Shame on you!” Salaark, Leegaain, and even Tyris chided her from a distance. “How can a mother not notice such a thing?”

“Can’t you leave us alone for one moment?” Suddenly, Kamila didn’t find the Guardians’ meddling funny anymore.

“Don’t call our names if you don’t want us to answer!” They replied.

“By the way, I call dibs on organizing the party.” Leegaain’s voice said.

“No, you don’t, old lizard.” Salaark’s voice snorted. “I know you just want an opportunity for a ‘casual’ talk with Ral!”

“There’s nothing to discuss. This is my turf, so I’m going to be the host. Period.” Tyris’s voice chimed in.

“Good to know. Can you continue this conversation somewhere else, please?” Lith snarled.

“Oops. I forgot to mute the mind link on your side. Sorry.” Leegaain said, and the room became silent again.

“Mute?” Lith echoed. “As in, they are constantly watching and commenting on everything we do and say?”

“As they said, don’t ask questions if you don’t want answers.” Kamila shuddered at the thought. “Still, Ral already has three affinities! And he’s Awakened!”

“Exactly. He can develop more as he grows, like Elysia did.” Lith nodded. “We need to throw him a party, but there’s someone already doing it for us. All we can do is have a private celebration.”

He turned the music on and gave Kamila a deep, passionate kiss.

“Wait!” She stopped him curtly.

“I’m sorry, Kami. Are you tired from the breakthrough? Do you need to shower?” Lith had forgotten for a moment how unpleasant the breakthrough of one’s mana core was.

“I’m fine and didn’t shed one drop of impurities.” She shook her head. “Just turn off the lights, and you guys turn around!”

Lith would have found seeing his wife talking to the ceiling funny, if he didn’t know better.

“I’m not joking!” Kamila continued. “And by turn around, I mean 180 degrees sharp. Don’t be smart with me and make a full spin.”

‘Damn, she’s smart!’ Leegaain said to his peers via the mind link.

‘The girl figured us out.’ Salaark clicked her tongue.

‘What’s wrong with you guys?’ Tyris, the only one who had actually given Lith and Kamila privacy, was shocked and flabbergasted by the other Guardians’ behavior.

‘I’m bored.’ Leegaain replied.

‘And they are very creative.’ Salaark added. ‘We’ve taken a few pages from their roleplay book and-‘

‘Too much information! Forget I asked.’ Deep down in the Royal Castle in Valeron, in the isolation of her keep, Tyris blushed wildly.

***

After Lith and Kamila were done celebrating, they went to share the good news with the rest of the family. News of the three affinities of the baby boy spread like wildfire, and after the public celebrations, Lith and Solus had to grade their Void Magic students.

Follow new episodes on the "N0vel1st.c0m".

Aside from that, time passed with no further attacks from Meln or a crisis that required the attention of the Kingdom’s Supreme Magus.

Quylla, Faluel, and the others were all busy with their respective magical research. Yet while Faluel’s ambition drove her to work as fast as she could, necessity drove Quylla to take things slow and take as many notes as she could.

“Once the babies are born, everything that now seems obvious to me will become a riddle.” She said. “Please, read it and tell me if it makes sense to you or if I need to dumb it down further.”

“Should I consider this an honor or an insult?” Nalrond grunted, studying her research papers.

“An honor.” Quylla replied. “You are the best Healer I know who’s not knee deep in his own research already.”

“Wow.” Nalrond raised his eyes from the documents to stare at her. “Are you taking lessons from Morok, or were you always this good with backhand compliments?”

“I’m sorry. I’m just in a rush, and I trust you enough to accept the truth.” Quylla resumed her work. “Between this, the twins, Morok, my parents, and developing my own branch of magic, I barely have time to breathe. Please, have mercy.”

“Granted.” Nalrond felt sorry for her.

Especially considering that aside from the arrangements for his marriage and his usual training routine, he was quite free. The Agni had no hidden enemies, nothing weighing on his head, and soon his core would reach the bright violet.

Life was good.

“By the way, what about Salman?” Quylla asked while her hand kept writing like it had a mind of its own.

“What *about* him?” Nalrond snorted.

“When does he move from the Fastarrows to the Verhen-Proudhammer?”

“Today.” A wolfish smile appeared on the Agni’s face, matched by the mirthless amusement in his voice.

“Why aren’t you there with him?” Quylla asked.

“I’m sorry to miss the show, but I can’t risk ruining his introduction.” Nalrond sighed. “First impression matters, and I hate the guy.”

“You are a good man, Nalrond.” She said. “I’m proud of you for being the bigger man.”

“Thanks.” He replied.

‘Don’t be.’ Nalrond actually thought. ‘I’m having everything filmed so that I can watch it over and over.’

***

Outskirts of the city of Lutia, Fastarrow house, at the same time.

“Please, Mom! Please!” Leran whined while clawing at Selia’s left leg.

“Please, Mom! It’s not fair!” Lilia whimpered while biting Selia’s right.

“Yes, Mom. It’s not fair.” The little Fenrir nodded, her expression a mask of focus as she tried to remember if she knew the meaning of such a word. “What’s fair?”

“Shut up, Fenrir!” The two older kids snarled. “You’re not helping.”

“Mom, they’re mean!” Fenrir cried as she shapeshifted her short legs and used her Skoll strength to claw her way up Selia’s back.

“Gods, not this again!” The huntress had not one drop of Emperor Beast’s blood in her body, but after years of dealing with her hybrid children, she could bark, whimper, and howl like a wolf. “Lilia, Leran, how many times do I have to tell you not to shut up your little sister?

“She’s just like you at her age. She wants to take part in our conversations. Be nice to Fenrir and teach her the words she doesn’t know. As for your request, my answer is no. I won’t Awaken you, and neither will your father. Period.”

“But, Mom, Aran and Leria are already Awakened!” Leran stomped his foot in envy.

“They already have reached the dull green core, whereas we are still at the bright yellow!” Lilia barked. “If we stay like this, they will become stronger than us. It’s not fair!”