Chapter 3682: Starting Point (Part 1)

Chapter 3682: Starting Point (Part 1)

“Your husband took a lot from us, but he gave us much more, Kamila.” Syrah said. “I wouldn’t be here drinking tea and eating sweets if it weren’t for him. I’d be sitting in a room, worrying whether starvation or the undead would kill my people first.”

“You are stronger than I am, Syrah.” Kamila replied. “In your shoes, I don’t think I could forgive Lith so easily.”

“In my shoes, you would have done the same.” The Hati Queen shook her head. “After everything I’ve gone through, after the horrors I have perpetrated on the weakest of my own kin, I’ve learned how grey Mogar is.

“Without Lith, my son would have been forced to become an adult in days and take the burden that belonged to his father. It’s thanks to Lith that Xagra is still a child who can laugh and play.

“That my people don’t live with the uncertainty of when and if they’ll have their next meal. As I said, I’ve gained more than I lost. I don’t like how things played out between your husband and me, but I never liked much about my life.

“Until now.” Syrah poured herself another cup of tea, enjoying its rich smell.

Then she looked at the sun, glad at the idea that she could relax without the fear a terrified human might try to kill her on sight. She took a few sips before asking:

“Is what Lith did to Ryla the reason you requested to participate in this meeting, Kamila?”

“Yes, but I was waiting for the opportunity to ask you in private if you want Aalejah to hear what I have to say.” Kamila cleared her throat in embarrassment.

“I can leave, if you want.” The elf straightened her clothes and stood up.

“We are not friends, but you have been loyal, cousin.” Br’ey gestured for Aalejah to sit down. “It’s more than we can say of most people in the Council. You can stay.”

“Thanks.” The elf nodded. “What’s wrong with Ryla? I mean, she’s gotten more beautiful and a bit plumper in the right places, but that’s the joy of a quiet life.”

Everyone could hear the envy in her voice. Aalejah dreamed of a life where she could just sleep and eat for days until the fatigue of the past months was but a bad memory. Alas, she had to work to earn her keep.

‘Not everyone has a Magus as a friend of their step-son.’ She inwardly grunted.

“It’s not that simple.” Syrah stared at the Fomor in a mix of curiosity and renewed resentment. “Something changed in Ryla’s life force.”

“Yes, but I’m not the expert. Give me a second.” Kamila called Quylla, and by the time she arrived, Urhen the Balor had returned from Zelex.

“Sorry for the wait.” Quylla burped, releasing the smell of ham, pickles, and honey. “I’ve been delayed.”

“Yeah, the pantry tried to stop her, but Quylla fought bravely until there was nothing left.” Morok nodded. “By the way, Kamila, you need to restock.”

“Morok!” Quylla turned beet red.

“Yes, my little famished troll?”

“How can you say that in front of our guests?” Quylla blushed harder. “What if they take it as a racial slur?”

“Good point. Do you take monikers based on your people as racial slurs?” Morok asked.

“Not at all.” Syrah, Br’ey, and even Urhen laughed from the heart. “Using the names of our races as a sign of affection instead of an insult is a nice change of pace.”

Quylla would have kept arguing, but Morok pulled out a jar of pickles and another of honey. Quylla dipped the former in the latter and devoured them like there was no tomorrow.

“Delicious.” She burped. “I wondered how I lived without it until today.”

“I think I’m going to puke.” Aalejah had become greener than the pickles.

“This is far from the strangest craving I’ve seen.” Urhen scoffed. “Just pray when your turn comes that you can fulfill them.”

When Quylla calmed down enough to speak, she shared the scope and results of her current research with the senate of Zelex.

“And you’ve started with her?” Urhen tried and failed not to let her anger lash at their potential savior. “With all the people in all Zelex, you had to start with her?”

“Yes, I had to.” Quylla nodded. “Ryla is my best shot. Her life force shares many similarities with Morok’s and Lith’s. Unlike you, Urhen, Ryla has a mana core I can study.

Follow new episodes on the "N0vel1st.c0m".

“Like it or not, evolving into a Fomor gave Ryla something I can work with. Something you don’t have. I won’t go into detail to explain the many factors that led to my partial success, but know that I would have never done it without two perfect beings to use as a reference.”

She pointed at Morok and conjured Lith’s hologram.

“Thanks to them, I can guess what Ryla’s life force will look like. I have a starting and an arrival point for my research. These two elements give me a direction that I know, not guess, will bear fruit.

“With you guys, I’d have only a starting point, like everyone who tried and failed to undo the madness that caused your races to fall. There is no perfect Svartalf, Hati, Ogre, or Troll for me to study. Unless you can provide me with one, of course.”

The members of Zelex’s senate recognized the truth in Quylla’s words, but their gaze didn’t soften, nor did it show any enthusiasm at the news.

“Then what’s the point of bringing us here and telling us about it, Great Mage Ernas?” Syrah asked. “Did you feel the need to flaunt your exploit, or did you want to rub Ryla’s future happiness in our faces?”

“No to both, and please, call me Quylla.” She raised her hands in a conciliatory manner.

She saw hatred, grief, and envy clouding the judgment of the rulers of Zelex, and decided to go straight to the point.

“Another one of the reasons I’ve started my research with Ryla is that she trusts me. She let me poke, prod, and examine her as much as I needed, something that you would have never let me do.” Quylla said, and Syrah nodded for her to continue.

“You’ve already been deceived for centuries by Glemos and don’t trust even the Awakened Council. What reason did you have to trust the wife of Glemos’ accursed son? Before making you an offer, I needed to bring you a concrete result.

“To give you a reason to trust me. Well, you are looking at her!” She pointed at Ryla.

“What about the lack of an arrival point?” Urhen asked in confusion. “What about all those excellent reasons not to start with one of us?”

“Seriously?” Quylla looked at the Balor like she was an idiot and went this close to expressing her thoughts out loud. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to yell. I just had a Manohar fit.”

“No, I’m sorry for the interruption. Please, continue.” Urhen said.

“Ryla *is* your arrival point, Urhen.” Quylla said. “Once I find a cure for her, I can use the data I collected and Ryla’s perfect life force to undo the fall of the Balor race and guide you to evolve into a Fomor.”