Chapter 3692: Borrowed Knife (Part 1)

Chapter 3692: Borrowed Knife (Part 1)

The envy, in turn, fueled Orpal’s wrath and allowed him to keep training even when his body screamed in pain and his mind was on the verge of a breakdown.

“Between you and me, are you sure that little boy is Thrud’s son?” Jorl asked.

“Jorl, I’m one of the few people on Mogar still alive who met that little bastard in person.” Orpal snarled. “I saw the so-called Valeron in his crib, in his mother’s and father’s arms. I’ve dreamed countless times of killing that little bastard to repay his parents for what they did to me.

“So yes, I’m sure. At first, I couldn’t believe it myself. The color of the hair and the eyes was different, but I knew the little bastard looked familiar. When I read that his name was Valeron and his age matched the Whore Queen’s son’s, I recognized him.

“I wasn’t 100% sure back when I spread the news among those idiots of Garlen’s Council, but I was sure enough. I was sure that those idiots would let their anger and thirst for revenge take over and ignore the doubts even I had.

“That once they attack Leech, he would never let them close to the little bastard. When the moment comes, nothing those idiots can say will sway Leech’s mind. Either Leech will kill them and destroy his relationship with the Council, or they will kill Leech and remove him from my path.”

“Either way, you win.” Jorl nodded. “A perfect plan.”

“Thank you.” Orpal cackled, straightening the silk bathrobe that still bore Thrud’s initials. “Compliments sound best when they come from those who despise you. That said, after studying carefully a lot of close-ups, I’m certain beyond doubt that Thrud’s Valeron the Second and Leech’s Valeron the Second are one and the same.

“My brother is more forgiving than I thought for adopting the son of his enemy, and, with a bit of luck, he will soon be dead as well. I must say, killing with a borrowed knife brings back memories. I feel like a kid again.”

Much to the Dead King’s chagrin, Jorl asked no questions.

Orpal’s mind raced to the past nonetheless, thinking back to the final ploy of his old life. When he had sent his stupid, useless friend to teach Lith a lesson. The youths had given the little runt the beating of a lifetime just to lower their guard and let themselves be defeated by a five years old child.

His so-called friends hadn’t hesitated to rat Orpal out once they had been caught red-handed by their respective parents. It was because of them and Lith that Orpal had been disowned.

It was their fault that he had become a nameless orphan. It was thanks to them that he had met Night.

“Wait and see, Leech.” Orpal said, ignoring Jorl as he pointed out that talking to oneself was a telltale sign of madness. “This time I haven’t thrown a bunch of stupid kids at you, but a bunch of stupid yet powerful Awakened.

“This time, no parent in shining armor will come to your rescue. This time, even if they rat me out, I’ll suffer no consequence. However this ends, this is my victory.”

***

Garlen continent, Distar Marquisate, in the middle of nowhere

“The boy? What do you want from Valeron?” Lith’s answer was to move the baby to the crook of his left arm while Ragnarök roared its challenge from his right hand.

“Stop playing dumb with us.” The Titania yelled as she reverted to a humanoid form. “We know he’s the son of the Mad Queen Thrud and the traitor Dragon Jormun!”

Lith inwardly cursed and tried to Hush Valeron, but one of the Awakened countered the spell. Hush was very simple, and Lith was too focused on probing the encirclement for a weak point to react to the interference in time.

His seven eyes darted from one opponent to another, checking what spells they had at the ready and trying to predict the threat they posed, but he spared one to look at the baby boy.

Valeron’s expression went from scared to dumbfounded. He knew his parents’ names, but he had never heard them be accompanied by such titles or spoken with so much hatred.

Some words were still too difficult for the baby boy, yet the feelings behind them were crystal clear to him. Valeron clung to Lith harder, trying to apologize for putting his stepfather in danger.

“So what if he is?” Lith’s voice turned into a deep growl of flames. “He is just a baby. He has done nothing wrong. Most of all, he is my son now.”

Lith knew that the time for talking would soon be over. He wasn’t the only one stalling to weave his best spells. He knew he had to move fast, before he was locked in an impossible fight of fourteen against one.

What he didn’t know was that his words touched Valeron’s heart and reassured him that Lith wouldn’t abandon him to those bad people.

“You have a twisted sense of humor, Verhen.” Said one of the latecomers, a human woman specialized in powerful arrays. “How can you take care of the Mad Prince after what Thrud did to you? After what she did to all of us?

“Our friends and families died because of her. It’s only right if we return the favor in kind. You should be happy to help us put an end to the bloodline of the Mad King. It’s only a matter of time before Arthan’s Heir becomes a threat to us all.

“Help us to kill the Forbidden Son, Verhen.” Said the other latecomer, a human man holding only support spells. “Finish the job you’ve started by killing his father.”

Valeron’s eyes widened at those words, and his heart broke when Lith didn’t deny them. The guilt filling Lith’s eyes only confirmed Valeron’s worst fears. Not knowing what to do as Mogar twisted in front of his eyes into a nightmarish place, the baby boy started to cry.

“He didn’t know?” The Titania laughed with cruel amusement. “Does the Mad Prince at least know that if not for you, he would still have his mother, or did you keep that a secret as well?”

Valeron cried harder, answering her question.

“Good.” A savage grin appeared on the face of the fourteen Awakened. “Arthan’s Heir doesn’t deserve a clean death. Every bit of suffering we can inflict upon him is welcome. For that, you have our thanks, Verhen.”

With no other choice, Lith did the only thing he could. He shapeshifted his hand and used Dragon Scales and a mind link to show Valeron the truth that his young mind could follow.

Their first meeting during his escape from Huryole, their battles when Lith tried to stop Thrud, and their final confrontation. In all those memories, there was no trace of rage, hatred, or hostility.

Valeron saw Jorl’s memories from Lith’s, how neither of them had wanted to fight the other. Not even once. Even while under the influence of the Unwavering Loyalty array, Jormun always tried to recruit Lith, and Lith asked Jormun to step aside.

Their rivalry was born out of their conflicting interests, not personal grudges.