Chapter 3710: Little Miracle (Part 1)

Chapter 3710: Little Miracle (Part 1)

"Following that idiotic reasoning, I should have also abandoned Solus whenever things got hard. Heck, I might even abandon Elysia if the Guardians didn’t protect her, since I can always have another daughter." Lith’s face twisted in disgust, spitting out every word as if it were coated in poison.

"That’s indeed bad, but it’s not what I was talking about." Menadion said. "I wanted you to notice that even after Lith refused to surrender Valeron and suffered many wounds, Valeron didn’t entrust him with the Life Maelstrom until the very end. That’s why Lith is so upset."

There was no blame toward the baby in the First Ruler of the Flames’ voice. Only a newfound respect that hadn’t been there until that moment.

"Together with what you’ve witnessed a few minutes ago, it’s a sign his relationship with Valeron might be broken beyond repair."

"Oh gods, Lith, I’m so sorry." Kamila hugged him with the Dragon Scales, feeling his sadness and resignation.

"Me too." Solus caressed his hand. "I was so angry for what those Awakened did to Valeron that I missed how much they hurt you."

"It’s fine." Lith sighed. "I had the whole ambush to mull this over, whereas you just learned about it. The silver lining is that I don’t think we have to worry about the third Camellia branch anymore."

His eyes moved on the mystical flower set up in a vase on the tea table’s centerpiece.

"Don’t say that!" Solus replied. "Valeron was just too hurt and shaken from the revelation to think clearly. For my Mom’s sake, he’s just a baby! There was no malice in his withholding the Life Maelstrom.

"Even now, he’s just acting out. He needs some time to think."

"I wish I shared your optimism." Lith said, thinking of all the times he had felt Valeron refer to him as Jormun’s murderer via the Dragon scales.

’I can’t even take it as an insult since it’s the truth.’

He thought.

"Look, I agree with Solus that Valeron needs time." Kamila said. "I don’t know what he’ll do when he calms down, and neither do you. What I know is that whatever comes next, we’ll face it together."

The first thing Kamila had learned from Lith’s job as a Ranger first and then from her own job as a Royal Constable was never to make a promise she couldn’t keep.

"Also, I know that you have a daughter and another son who love you very much." She handed him Elysia, who at first cried to be reassured about Valeron’s behavior and then hugged Lith to reassure him once she perceived his distress.

"Dya?" Elysia looked at him with her big, round eyes.

"Please, say it again, baby girl. Daddy needs to hear it." Lith returned the embrace.

"Dya! Dya! Dada! Dad!" Elysia gave her all, her face a mask of focus and determination as she spoke the last word.

"You did it, baby girl!" It was the first time Elysia called him dad, and Lith rejoiced for it.

She felt his relief through the Dragon Scales and redoubled her efforts.

"Dad! Dady! Daddy!"

"That’s my girl!" Lith stood up from his chair and spun around with the giggling Elysia in his extended arms.

Kamila waited for Lith’s enthusiasm to wane a bit before taking one of his hands and bringing it to her baby bump.

"And don’t forget about Ral." The baby boy kicked right on cue, the faint vibration reaching Lith through the physical contact.

Kamila then shapeshifted part of her skin into Dragon Scales to reinforce the connection between father and son. Lith felt the little life inside the womb studying him with curiosity, like Raldarak always did, until he recognized his father.

The unborn child could already hear a bit, but he wasn’t used to someone besides his mother reaching for him past the familiar darkness of his isolation. Raldarak had no concept of love or family, but what he felt from Lith reassured him nonetheless.

Just like Raldarak’s mother, his father released a warm and caring presence through the Dragon Scales. Its arrival always excited the baby because it was proof that there was something outside the safety of his haven.

More people like him who seemed to be bigger and very shy, since they never came in to visit.

Raldarak, in turn, tried to reassure Lith after perceiving his current emotional turmoil. The baby boy sent waves of thoughts to his father, telling him that everything was fine and not to be scared.

That even though they had never met, Raldarak was there for him.

"Thanks, son." Lith let his emotions transpire from his voice, being careful it didn’t crack. "I needed to hear that. I’m here for you too. Always."

"Ma!" Elysia said.

"You’re right, baby girl." Lith chuckled. "Your little sister is here as well."

"Wah! Wah!" Elysia greeted her little brother, trying to speak his moniker, Ral.

"Gods." Kamila chuckled, her smile thinning with a tinge of sadness. "She’s calling him the same way as Val. You know they are two different people, right, baby girl?"

Elysia’s eyes widened as she realized her blunder.

At first, she was embarrassed for being unable to speak the letters R, L, and V. Then, she realized that it wasn’t a big deal. After all, Raldarak and Valeron were both her brothers. One was younger and the other older, but that was it.

On top of that, Elysia realized it wasn’t her fault if her parents lacked imagination and had chosen two names whose monikers differed only by one letter.

As Elysia nodded at Kamila, puffing her chest out with sisterly pride, Lith shared his thoughts with Raldarak, and Raldarak searched for his sister through his father.

The baby girl had already made contact with Raldarak several times with the Dragon Scales, but always through Kamila and never at the same time as Lith. The Dragon Scales formed an empathic connection between parents and children, allowing them to experience their first family reunion.

Raldarak rejoiced. The sudden presence of three lights in the darkness of his home allowed him to understand that there were two different people like him on the outside and give them a name.

His essence spread through the Dragon Scales and resonated with the rest of his family. A thin veil of silvery flames erupted from Kamila’s baby bump and seeped into Lith’s hand, reemerging from the arm with which he held Elysia.

The Tiamat bloodline in their bodies heeded the baby boy’s call and answered it. One crown of Dread Flames appeared above Lith’s head, another above Elysia’s, and the last one right on top of Kamila’s womb, where Lith’s hand rested.

"Yes, son. We’re all here for you." Lith lowered his head until it made contact with the baby bump. "And we are all excited about the idea of meeting you."

In that moment, in the silence of his head, Lith took a solemn vow.

Lith promised his unborn child that he wouldn’t rest, relent, or find peace until he could introduce the little miracle that Raldarak was to every member of his family, and they would greet him in their lives.

’I will protect you, son. I will protect them all.’

Lith thought.

’No matter what comes our way, I won’t let anything hurt our family. I’ll be strong for you, son. Stronger than I’ve ever been.’