Chapter 3720: Constant Growth (Part 1)

Chapter 3720: Constant Growth (Part 1)

"Let me make this clear." Tyris said once the Griffons ended discussing on the matter. "I despise Thrud, her father, her methods, and all the pain she inflicted on countless people. Yet she achieved more in a few months than anyone else in centuries.

"Thanks to her, countless corrupt nobles have been uprooted from the Kingdom, and entire widespread criminal organizations have been wiped out. Thanks to the War of the Griffons, the authority and reputation of the Royal Family have been restored.

"Their subjects now see King and Queen as fair rulers instead of tyrants, especially after taking a good look at a real tyrant at work. It’s thanks to Thrud that the Awakened Council and the Royals now have a partnership.

"If the Council put aside the countless differences between its members and gave itself more stringent laws and regulations to protect its youth from exploitation. Last, but not least, it’s because of Thrud that now beasts, humans, and plant folk can coexist peacefully.

"Mixed couples no longer have to hide like Valeron and I did." There was a note of regret in her voice that quickly faded away. "Their children can live in the open without the fear of being persecuted and killed.

"If even I can respect Thrud enough to admit the good things that came out of her madness, you can respect your little cousin enough to let him live in peace."

"Cousin?" Several Griffons asked, daring to interrupt her.

"You heard that right. Valeron the Second is your cousin." Tyris nodded. "By the time she gave birth, the Madness had made Thrud no different from one of my daughters with Valeron the First.

"I didn’t like it any more than you do, but that also made Valeron the Second my grandchild." The Guardian lowered her gaze as her voice trailed off. "The first spark of the man I loved I’ve seen after over seven hundred years, and probably the last I’ll ever see.

"Valeron the First’s blood will soon be diluted again, and no trace of his existence will remain aside from the Kingdom that he left me. So, please, I’m asking you. I’m begging you. Don’t take him away from me."

Tyris was about to kneel, but countless hard-light constructs surrounded her and kept her on her feet. Rage and fury were rare to find in one Griffon, yet now there was a vast cave full to the brim with it.

No one cared about those who had been tortured in Salaark’s Pit of Agony and then executed anymore. Nobody cared about how many more would die. Seeing their foremother’s pain, hearing it from her voice, lit a fire in the Griffons’ guts.

Her willingness to humiliate herself was just the final straw.

"I swear on my blood that I and those of my nest won’t harm Valeron the Second or Verhen." A Crystal Griffon said while kneeling. "Were I to discover treachery amid my own, I’ll grant them the mercy of a swift death."

"You have my oath as well." A Black Griffon followed suit, and after him, the entire room fell onto their knees.

***

Once the assembly was over, the convened Griffons left the cave, but not the Griffon Mountain Range. There were too many things to discuss, and the opportunity of doing it face to face with their brethren was too rare to pass up.

Tyris would have been happy to see her children bonding and finding a mutual ground, if only they didn’t do it for different reasons from those she intended.

"So many Griffons dying just to kill one human woman." A Fire Griffon said. "Shameful. Just shameful."

"I know." A Lightning Griffon said. "But those Council scums picking on a baby are much, much worse."

"I agree." An Earth Griffon nodded. "That said, what do you make of Mother’s attachment to Valeron the Second?"

"It’s a good thing." A Black Griffon replied. "Until a few years ago, it was impossible to meet Mother outside her chambers. Now she goes out a lot and takes care of Valeron the Second and Verhen’s children. Also, have you seen her smile?"

"That’s the first thing I noticed." The Fire Griffon took out his communication amulet and projected the hologram of one of the pictures of Tyris the maid playing with the children. "Something has changed, or she wouldn’t have called us here."

Tyris’s demeanor in the cave had been as dour as usual, but her children didn’t live under rocks. There were many articles about Lith on the interlink, and the Griffons read them all ever since they had learned of Tyris’ vow to look after his children.

The Divine Beasts skimmed every detail but those involving their foremother and treasured all the pictures in which she appeared.

"A few years back, I heard a silly rumor about Mother being interested in Verhen." The Lightning Griffon replied. "Maybe it’s true. I mean, you’ve seen how angry she got when she described the attack on Verhen’s wife.

"There are countless widowers on Mogar. Why does she worry only about him becoming one?"

"Well, the guy sure is impressive." A White Griffon said. "He may be a Divine Beast, but overpowering fourteen Awakened while protecting a child is remarkable. It’s the kind of guy Mother likes."

"I think that as well, but let’s not rush our judgment." The Crystal Griffon said. "Maybe it’s Verhen. Maybe it’s Valeron the Second. Maybe it’s just her vow forcing her out of her lair and interacting with children.

"Mother always had a soft spot for little ones." The others nodded for him to continue. "What matters is that her frozen heart is finally thawing. If we want the Griffon bloodline to thrive, we must ensure nobody messes with her."

***

"Well, well, well. Listen to what we have here." Leegaain laughed at Tyris’ expense while she blushed up to her ears due to the many comments, some quite inappropriate, about her personal life. "Did it go as you planned?"

"Yes, but not for the reason I hoped." She hissed in frustration. "I made that comment years ago on passing. I didn’t expect members of the Queen’s Corpse to be such gossips!"

"Don’t take it so bad." Leegaain patted her shoulder. "Put yourself in their shoes. After centuries of moping around like a teenager in one of their weird phases..."

"It’s called grieving, not moping around!" Tyris snarled at the insensitive comment.

"Seeing you set foot outside of your home, visit your friends, and smile is bound to be a big deal." Leegaain ignored her and continued. "After so much time in absolute darkness, even a candle looks like a sun."

"I know." Tyris whimpered, ashamed to have caused so much pain and worry to her descendants. "Still, my children have a point."

"Are you telling me you’re finally going to change your bedsheets?" Leegaain said with mock shock.

"No, jackass!" Tyris snarled. "I meant that Lith is indeed impressive. If that’s what your bloodline and Salaark’s can achieve, have you ever thought what could be born if we mixed ours?"

"Valeron the Second, I’d say." Leegaain ignored her flirtatious attitude. "I’m flattered by your offer, but I’ve never looked at you that way. Also, I already have Shargein and I don’t think Salaark would approve of our ’experiments’."