Chapter 3711: Little Miracle (Part 2)

Chapter 3711: Little Miracle (Part 2)

Lith was hurt from the events of that day and Valeron’s rejection. Yet the baby boy had made his choice just like Raldarak had made his own. Lith vowed to respect them both, but wouldn’t let the pain dull his mind.

That no matter what other petty scheme Orpal might concoct next, Lith wouldn’t let his hated brother ruin his beloved children’s lives.

***

Solus and Menadion left Lith’s study room soon after Raldarak’s little celebration for the family reunion, to give the couple the privacy they deserved.

Yet the two women’s moods couldn’t have differed more.

Solus was sad for Valeron, happy for Raldarak, and bitterly envious of Kamila.

’No matter how close my bond with Lith is, that kind of connection with the babies belongs only to her. I can share those moments when Lith fuses his mind with me, but I’ll never feel the joy Kami experiences when they communicate through the Dragon Scales.’

Ripha, instead, smiled ear to ear. There was a spring in her step and a faint light in her eyes that Solus had only seen in her memories where the First Ruler of the Flames spent time with her husband, Threin.

Luckily, that was where the similarities ended. Ripha’s smile was proud, not loving, and she exuded strong but cold admiration, not burning passion.

"Mom, why do you have that look?" Solus asked.

"What look?" Menadion was honestly confused.

"This look." Solus shared her vision with Ripha via a mind link.

"Oh, that." Ripha laughed at her daughter’s worry. "How could I look any different after what I’ve witnessed today? And I don’t mean only right now, but also on the battlefield. I wish you could have seen it too, Epp- Solus.

"Lith was..." Menadion hesitated for a moment, trying to find the right word. "Magnificent. No matter if he were struggling for his life or cutting his enemies down like grass. Every swing of his blade, every spell he cast was an extension of his will."

’I’ve actually seen it with the mind fusion and spectated it in person countless times in the past.’

Solus thought, but didn’t interrupt her mother.

"He didn’t say a word, but his actions spoke for him, and they were loud. You know that I never liked Lith much, right?" Menadion asked, and Solus nodded in reply. "All his weird secrets, the other planet stuff, and how creepy and intimate his relationship with you is."

"Mom!" Solus blushed in embarrassment. "Keep your voice down. Even better, shut up!"

"Don’t worry. It’s good news." Ripha shrugged, ignoring her daughter’s objections. "Between Lith’s magic lessons and the events of today, I’ve changed my opinion of him.

"I could only watch while he fought. I was stuck as a one-eyed Demon and was as weak as a baby. At first, my only worry was that if something happened to Lith, I’d lose you again. Yet as the fight went on, I craved the power not only to protect you, but also to stand by his side.

"Those Awakened had every advantage, yet Lith never yielded. Even when surrounded and under a hail of deadly attacks, he always put Valeron’s safety first. His fighting spirit lit a fire in me that made me curse my own weakness.

"I prayed to the gods to give me the power to help him. I promised them that I’d do and give anything to have my body back, even if for just one moment. The other Demons did the same, even those like Trion and Valia who have no children.

"As you know, no one listened to our prayers. If someone did, they sure didn’t answer. No one ever does." Ripha sighed, thinking back to the time when Threin had died and Bytra had betrayed her.

"Yet my helpless rage allowed me to realize something that I have willfully ignored until today. I’ve seen Lith for who he is. He is the kind of man who doesn’t falter in the face of adversity.

"Who doesn’t compromise on his values even when faced with death. He’s the kind of man whose love is more than a word and who is willing to fight to protect that love to the bitter end.

"The kind of man men want to follow into battle, and a woman can entrust her daughter to. Whatever relationship you want to have with Lith, baby girl, you have my blessing."

"Mom!" This time, Solus conjured a Hush spell while blushing. "What’s wrong with you? How can you say these things?"

"Please." Menadion scoffed. "Unless you’ve suddenly changed your mind about finding a new host, you are bound to him until the tower is done healing your body and mana core, and I’m bound to him until I move on.

"Also, how could I not say these things? You heard her. Kamila already publicly admitted that she shares Lith and the babies with you. Slips of the mind are honest thoughts, I say. Besides, that’s not so far off from the truth."

"Mom!" Solus became beet red from head to neck. "That’s highly inappropriate of you!"

"I’m not saying to have threesomes or something." Menadion’s face was a mask of focus as she pondered the issue. "Keep pining on him, find yourself someone else, I don’t care.

"Just do what you feel comfortable with. Baby steps, Solus. Baby steps."

"Mom, please stop." Solus lowered her head in a desperate plea.

"Baby steps, but no babies until you’re perfectly healed, young lady." Menadion shoved her finger under Solus’ nose like she had said something that had upset her. "I don’t want to lose my first grandchild due to a battle accident.

"The tower is devised to save your life and your life only. Did I make myself clear?"

"Mom, I haven’t said anything. You are making things up." Solus whined. "I don’t know what kind of conversation you think we are having, but it’s all in your head."

"Did I make myself clear, young lady?" Menadion forced her daughter to look her in the eyes.

"Yes, Mom." Solus sighed in resignation.

"Good. We’ll resume this conversation once you’ve made a full recovery, so use this time to make up your mind." Menadion nodded. "Until then, you need to be careful.

"If you go on a date with someone and decide to go all the way in, always remember to use a birth control spell. We can’t risk that in a moment of passion-"

"Mom, I swear to the gods that either you shut up or I’ll make you!"

***

Jiera continent, ruined city of Hervor, at the same time.

Orpal, better known as Meln Narchat, was having the time of his life.

Thanks to the help of Erion, Akhton, and Jorl, his training had never gone better. The recruitment process for his army had also led him to more pleasant fights in the bedroom.

Dryads were as beautiful as they were power hungry, and Titanias showed little more restraint when offered the opportunity to get their hands on the power of the Vurdalak bloodline forever instead of bit by bit via the thrall process.

Orpal was in Thrud’s former bedroom, with a stunning brunette on his right side and a gorgeous blonde on his left. The idea that the Awakened were hunting Lith down while he was enjoying himself only made that moment more magical.