Chapter 3721: Constant Growth (Part 2)

Chapter 3721: Constant Growth (Part 2)

"Don’t worry, I never looked at you that way either." Tyris clicked her tongue. "I just wanted to return you the favor and embarrass you a bit."

"I know." Leegaain nodded. "You have always been bad at flirting and are out of practice, but not even you can be that bad. Coming on to me with the grace of a drunken sailor is out of character. I knew you were pulling my leg."

"Rude!" She ended up blushing again. "It’s not my fault if men always threw themselves at my feet and I never had the opportunity to practice flirting."

"Between you and me, were you serious back then?" Leegaain asked, tired of messing with his friend.

"Sort of." Tyris shrugged. "Lith was barely older than Valeron was when I started teaching him magic. I saw potential in Lith, like I saw it in Valeron. That and the world tribulations gave me hope he wouldn’t end up like my late husband."

"What about now?" Leegaain pressed on.

"Now, Lith is the same age as Valeron when he was dragged into the war that led him to build the Griffon Kingdom." Tyris replied. "He’s still too young and already has a lot on his plate. On top of that, he’s still a mortal and has a crippled life force as well.

"I’m not going to get involved with a married man and one who might drop dead at any time, at that. If I start dating again, I won’t look for an idealist ever again. Valeron had the white core, but not the heart to deal with immortality.

"This time, I want a man who loves himself as much as he loves others, so that he won’t throw away his life and my heart when the worst happens. Someone willing to fight for me and what we’ll build together.

"A man who will accept me for who I am, not what I look like. I’m done hiding my real nature and living in the shadows as if I did something wrong. I want my future children to be proud of my heritage as much as of their father’s."

"You know you are describing Lith, right?" Leegaain chuckled.

"No, I’m not!" She glared at her friend. "Did you miss all the mortal and young part?"

"In ten years, he’ll be as old as Valeron when you accepted to marry him." Leegaain shrugged. "What if by then he has also become a Guardian?"

"Then I’ll have all the time on Mogar to decide what to do." Tyris grunted. "Let’s go back home, old lizard. I’m tired of people playing matchmaker with me."

***

The following day, Lith received numerous calls on his communication amulet and as many offers to keep him company. His friends and family had learned about the situation with Valeron and were happy to be his friendly ear and shoulder to cry on.

At the same time, however, they knew that in such a moment, Lith also needed space. It was the reason they called him first rather than flooding his house.

"I’m so sorry, little brother." Zoreth said. "If you want, I can come there and talk to Valeron on your behalf. He knows me, and I have Dragon Scales. He’ll feel my sincerity when I tell him you never meant to hurt his feelings."

"Thanks for the offer, Zoreth, but it wouldn’t work." Lith sighed. "He would just ask you, ’You knew,’ like he did to everyone else, and kick you out the moment you say yes. There’s no point in ruining your relationship with him for nothing."

"Is it that bad?" The Shadow Dragon asked.

"You tell me. Valeron refuses to speak or sit in the same crib as Elysia. A baby younger than he is." Lith covered his face with his hands.

"I stand corrected, it’s not bad. It’s terrible." Zoreth swallowed hard.

"Also, no offense, big sis, but you are the last person I’d call as a mediator." He looked her right in the eyes. "If Valeron asks you if you played any role in the death of his parents and something of your activities with the Organization pops out, you and I would have a problem."

"You’re right. I’m sorry." She lowered her eyes in embarrassment. "I just wanted to help."

Zoreth could control how much she shared with the Dragon Scales just like Lith, but unlike him, there were topics she shut down about. While dealing with a traumatized baby with trust issues, a firm refusal to share everything would destroy any hope of maintaining Zoreth’s relationship with Valeron.

"And I appreciate it, but there’s not much anyone can do." Lith replied. "There is no way to bring Valeron’s parents back to life or to explain the War of the Griffons to him without hurting him even more.

"He needs time, and so do I. Feel free to call me anytime, Zoreth, but warn me before you visit. I’m often in a sour mood, and I’d be an unpleasant host."

"Can I at least come to visit Elysia?" She asked.

"That’s more than welcome." He replied. "She needs a distraction. Elysia has lost her big brother and best friend and doesn’t even know why."

"I’ll do everything I can to help her." Zoreth nodded. "And if there’s anything you need, please, just ask."

"Thanks, Zoreth. Lith out." He stared at the artifacts stored in Spark, noticing the slow but constant changes in the different pieces.

He found comfort in watching the Golems, his Voidwalker armor, and Double Edge as the Adamant of their alloy slowly turned into Davross. The phenomenon would have been imperceptible without the Ears, and studying it allowed him to train in the use of the artifact.

"Do you mind some company, lil bro?" Tista came with a tray filled with steaming food.

It was far from enough to sate Lith’s appetite, but its purpose was to make him hungry and lure him to the dining hall with the rest of the family.

"Not at all." Lith took the tray, eating more out of habit than need. "Have you come here to check on Ishka or me?"

"Both." Tista replied. "I’m worried about you and excited for him. I can’t believe Ishka has already surpassed twenty meters (70’) of height. The Spark’s efficiency has increased a lot from the past."

"What did you expect?" Lith finished the food and pretended not to notice her attempt to keep his mind off Valeron. "Solus now has reached the deep violet core, and Ishka died when he was below the bright blue core.

"The weeks he spent in the Spark are the equivalent of months of constant body refining and growth. Give him a few more weeks, and he’ll reach your level."

"Yeah, at that point, I’ll need just to stretch him out a bit and a ton of Adamant to make myself an armor." She sighed. "How would a pure Dragon skin armor be?"

"Creepy." Lith replied with a smirk. "Like wearing human skin leather."

"I meant its defensive value, smartass!" She playfully punched his arm, glad to hear him joke again. "I know it would be creepy, but better Ishka’s scales than mine. I can’t go around naked. One wound in the wrong place and I’d die of embarrassment."

"Not if you leave no witnesses." Lith replied.