Chapter 3725: Still Family (Part 2)

Chapter 3725: Still Family (Part 2)

"At the academy, you saved my daughters from Balkor and then from themselves after what Nalear did to them. You saved them from the Odi, from the Undead Courts at the Feymar mines, and the gods know how many more times.

"When Thrud kidnapped my Little Flower, I had to send you to her rescue. You were with her during her final moments, not me. You are the reason my wife and newborn daughter are safe, Lith.

"You saved your son against impossible odds. Valeron might grow up while resenting you, but he will still grow up. Your child is still alive, and you can fix your relationship with him.

"It’s more than I can say. More than I can dream of." Orion took a deep breath to calm his raging emotions for Phloria and regain his composure.

Lith kept staring at the scenery and remained silent, pretending not to notice that Orion’s eyes were misted with held-back tears.

"You were there for Valeron when he needed you, and you are still there for him now. It’s he who turns you away. You haven’t given up on him." When Orion spoke again, his voice was steady and his eyes clear.

"Valeron may resent you for a while, but he will soon realize how much that matters. How much he matters to you. That’s something nobody can take away from him, and that will keep the bitterness and rage away when he grows up."

"Thanks, Orion." Lith finished his drink in one gulp and patted Orion’s shoulder. "It means a lot coming from you."

"Don’t thank me, you daft bastard." Orion grunted. "I’m not joking. The wound in my pride is so deep that it wouldn’t surprise me if it reached my heart and I dropped dead right here and now."

"If you do, please, try to fall forward." Lith replied with a straight face. "I have yet to put a dirt-proof enchantment on the carpet, and the Queen cut my furniture funds. That cheapskate said she is no longer paying my bills for the Mansion and I can do it myself."

"You dare call someone else a cheapskate?" Orion had a good laugh. "This is the pot calling the kettle black if I ever saw one."

"Still, the carpet is new, and since the Royals were paying, I splurged a bit." Lith shrugged. "If you have to, fall through the window, not on the floor."

"I’m moved by your care." Orion punched Lith’s shoulder hard enough for Lith to feel it, but not hard enough to hurt his hand.

"I do care." Lith replied. "For the carpet."

They remained silent for a few minutes, until they sorted out their respective feelings.

"How is Jirni doing?" Lith asked.

"She’s bummed." Orion sighed. "At first, she was scared that the Gernoff would attack and put your family in danger. After she learned about Raldarak, she wanted the Gernoff to attack. To take them all out in one fell swoop without moving a finger herself."

"I hear you." Lith sighed back. "I hoped the same thing for Meln."

"Now it’s too late for the easy way out, but I’m not scared of the hard way." Orion’s gaze steeled. "We never stopped preparing, you know? This time, when the moment comes, I’m going to be by baby girl’s side and kick as many asses as I need to keep her safe."

***

Lith learned of the presence of Thrud’s Divine Beasts only the next day, when they asked Leegaain for breakfast. They had been discreet and avoided getting noticed, especially by Phloria’s parents.

Ufyl didn’t have the heart to face them after his involvement in Phloria’s death and was afraid that his guilt might transpire through the Dragon Scales. If that were to happen, he would have made Valeron’s situation much harder.

"What are they doing in my home?" Lith snarled.

"Valeron wanted to hear both sides of the story." Leegaain Warped the Divine Beasts away, along with all the food they might need. "They are his family, and I thought you wouldn’t mind."

"And you were right." Lith nodded. "They can stay as long as Valeron wants, but keep them away from the Ernas."

"Don’t worry, I’m way ahead of you." Leegaain replied. "I’m always taking care their paths never cross."

Elina and Raaz were surprised by the presence of Thrud’s Divine Beasts and tolerated it only for Valeron’s sake. They had loved Phloria deeply and hadn’t forgotten about her death.

Yet they were even more surprised when, before lunch, Valeron asked them to meet Elysia.

"Only Ely." He said. "With Surin."

"What?" Elina asked in confusion.

"He means he wants to meet Elysia." Leegaain explained. "Surin can stay, but he doesn’t want anyone else around aside from you and Raaz."

"Don’t worry, Val." Raaz caressed the boy’s head, and for the first time in days, he was met with a thin smile. "We trust you. If you want to stay alone with the girls, we won’t bother you."

Elysia was so excited about the news that she made a fuss during the meal. She chirped in joy, ran through the table, and flew around the room until Kamila let her go to meet her lost brother.

"Look who’s here!" Elina let the baby girl go, and Elysia shapeshifted into her Tiamat form.

She bolted at Valeron, tackling him down in a hug and licking his face like an excited puppy.

"Wah! Wah! Wah!" Elysia called his name multiple times while transmitting how happy she was to see him again through the Dragon Scales. "So-y! So-y! So-y!"

"Ely." Valeron was shocked by her enthusiasm and repeated apologies. "Why sorry?"

"Do no." Elysia shrugged.

The baby boy felt through the Dragon Scales that she had no idea what she had done to anger him, but she apologized for it nonetheless.

The door had yet to close behind Elina when Surin was already babbling at Elysia, unable to recognize her after just a few days of separation. Valeron wished he could be so forgetful and envied his friend as much as Orion envied Lith.

"You knew?" Valeron asked, offering his scaled hand, which Elysia took immediately.

"Yah!" She nodded, brimming with a joy ill-suited for a gloomy subject like the death of his parents.

Even in his foul mood, Valeron had no doubt they were not talking about the same thing.

"Knew what?" He asked tentatively.

Elysia’s baby babble couldn’t express everything so she relied on the flow of consciousness shared via the Dragon Scales.

"I know many things." Elysia replied [AN: translated from baby speak]. "I know that buzzers (insects) are slippery and smellies (flowers) are easy to catch but frail. I know that our moms are the prettiest and that our dad is the strongest!"

Elysia showed off her knowledge about what adults would have considered trivialities, yet her words struck Valeron like a punch to the gut. Or rather, one word did.

Our.

Even after all that had happened and how he had treated her, Elysia still considered him her big brother. She didn’t care that he was older and was born to a different woman. He was her brother, and her parents were their parents.

"I also know that chilly is tasty!" Elysia pulled a small bit of ice cream out of the pocket of her onesie.