Chapter 3746: Fulfilling A Wish (Part 1)

Chapter 3746: Fulfilling a Wish (Part 1)

"What the Incontinent King said was true!" An Emperor Beast at a table on the right said. "Arthan’s Heir is alive, and Verhen took him in despite what the Mad Queen did to our people."

"I don’t know you, but I think we can’t just sit by and pretend nothing is wrong." An undead that Lith recognized as a Dullahan from his detached head said. "We should go there and say something, or we are no better than Verhen."

"I can’t believe Verhen risked his life for something like the Forbidden Son. It’s an insult to all those who died trying to stop the Mad Queen!" A Harpy said.

Many more such comments were being expressed throughout the Tavern, and each one stabbed Valeron’s heart like a poisoned knife. The baby boy stopped smiling but kept eating, pretending that everything was alright.

Lith heard everything the Awakened said with his enhanced hearing and felt everything Valeron was experiencing through the Dragon Scales. He slowly stood up from his chair, and the room plunged into silence.

"Don’t worry, I’m not offended by your words. I understand your curiosity." His tail gently put Valeron down as Lith’s mouth formed what only resembled a smile. "You are all asking yourselves how I defeated so many Awakened by myself.

"Since an image is worth a thousand words, let me give you a practical demonstration." Ragnarök jumped into his open palm and freed itself from its bloody scabbard.

You there. You spoke first, so I assume you are volunteering to help me." Lith pointed the angry blade at the plant folk and Ragnarök screeched its challenge.

"Wait a second." Haug rushed from behind the bar counter and put himself between Lith and the plant folk. "I’ve heard it all and it wasn’t nice, but they were just words."

"No, they were not." Lith didn’t move from his spot, nor did he alter the angle of his blade. "They were a provocation. Your tables are equipped with a Hushing spell. If these people wanted to speak their minds freely, they just had to activate the spell.

"They didn’t. They wanted trouble, and I’m fulfilling their wish."

"It was a brash and unpleasant mistake, but still a mistake." Haug replied. "Solkar too bothered the other customers, but no one got violent."

"Solkar is a baby." Lith replied. "His mother had no idea he was going to howl that loud, whereas those guys are adults. They knew what they were going to say and how loud they would say it the moment they opened their mouths."

"Maybe you are right." Haug had to concede the point and take one step back. The light reflected on Ragnarök’s crystal in an impossible way, giving the impression that the blade was staring at his neck. "But this is my house, and I have my rules.

"Friendly fistfights are entertainment. Killing among patrons is not."

"Don’t worry, I’m not going to kill anyone." Lith’s smile that wasn’t a smile turned even creepier. "Ragnarök will do the killing. I’m going to murder them."

"Seriously? You alone against many?" Haug tried one of his last cards. "Against my arrays?"

"Don’t worry, it’s going to be an accurate reenactment." Lith tutted. "Son?"

On his cue, Valeron threw a bolt of Life Maelstrom that arched across Lith’s body and armor while Ragnarök conjured the power of the air element through its Davross body.

The Tiamat Fear, Lith’s killing intent, and Ragnarök’s threat became ten times stronger, suppressing even Haug. In that state, Lith conjured the Dread Flames with ease, kicking things up a few more notches.

"Wait a second." Haug could feel the violet fire burn at all the magical formations he had prepared to restrict Lith’s movements. "You are going to ruin your family’s dinner. What about the children? Do you want to show them violence?"

"I got that covered." Lith replied. "Kami?"

She activated both the Hush spell of their table and the mystical fog that prevented customers in need of privacy from seeing and being seen by others.

"As I said, this place has everything one needs if they want to be left alone. Now move!" Lith roared, and Ragnarök joined him.

Now that the angry blade was engulfed in Dread Flames, the bartender had no doubts anymore.

’This is not just in my head. That thing is staring at me and is pissed off big time.’

Haug thought.

The plant folk took the roar as his cue and bolted out of the door of the tavern.

"Fine." Lith clicked his tongue. "Since I lost my volunteer, I can use a substitute. Anyone who has something to say can stand up and say it to my face. I’m not a baby, and I will not be easily bullied."

No one spoke or moved, letting the bartender take the brunt of Lith’s killing intent.

"Your cowardice disgusts me." Lith said after a while, his face twisted as if he had tasted poison. "You’re only able to run your mouths when you think you can hurt an innocent boy and get away with it.

"If you want to keep badmouthing my son, you’d better trigger those Hush spells in your tables. If you don’t, there won’t be any warning next time. Did I make myself clear?"

Lith emphasized the concept by shrouding himself in electrum-colored lightning and amplifying it to the extreme.

Everyone nodded like a frenzied parrot but didn’t say a word.

"Good." Lith cut his palm, shedding a few drops of blood that away from him reverted to their original size and coated the angry blade.

Ragnarök hated feeding off Lith, but it didn’t want to scare the children with a bloodbath.

’I can understand your outrage, but this is still my home. You are under the banner of my hospitality, and you violated it. You threatened me and terrified my customers.’

Haug said via a mind link. ’My only question is: was that really necessary?’

’What would have you done if those words were addressed at Dryna, blaming her for Xedros’ crimes while you two were celebrating your long-awaited reunion?’

Lith asked.

’What would you have done if you were under my roof and I allowed such disrespect to befall you?’

’And I have my answer.’

Haug clenched his fists while he pictured the scene in his mind.

’Have a nice meal.’

’Thanks, and sorry for the trouble.’

Lith replied.

’Don’t mention it.’

Haugh said before turning around and addressing the room.

"I’m sorry for the inconvenience." He gave a deep bow. "The next round of drinks is on the house. Please, remember to be polite to your neighbours. If you can’t help yourself, activate the arrays of your table. Thank you."

Lith stepped through the Haze and Hush enchantments, becoming visible to his family.

"You can turn the arrays off, Kami. I solved everything." Lith lifted Valeron from his seat and put the baby boy back on his lap.

"Is everyone okay?" She asked while deactivating the isolation field and opening the view of the table to the rest of the Tavern.

"Yeah." Lith pointed at the only empty seat in sight. "I let the guy run away. After that, everyone got the message. I’m sorry for ruining your dinner, everyone."