Chapter 3745: Price Of Fame (Part 2)

Chapter 3745: Price of Fame (Part 2)

"Welcome, guys!" Parmegianno Haug, Elder of the Council, unparalleled chef, and owner of the Travelling Tavern, said as the Verhens walked in. "It’s always nice to see so much money, I mean, so many customers, I mean, so many friends walk through my door at once."

Haug’s cash register still remembered the last time the Verhens, the Fastarrow, and Bodya had dined together at the Tavern. The register still jingled at the memory, and Haug’s heart fluttered.

The presence of the Ernas made things even better, ensuring a sold-out night.

"Welcome back, Great Mage Quylla Ernas." He welcomed her like a walking gold bag. "You look more ravenous, I mean, glowing than the last time you honored my establishment with your presence."

"Is it me, or does Haug have problems connecting his brain instead of his wallet to his mouth?" Quylla emitted a leopard’s wet-snarl but only because her mouth watered from the delicious smell of food.

"Yes, but he’s a good person at heart." Dryna welcomed the patrons as well and led them to their tables. "If you need anything extra for the babies, feel free to ask. The Travelling Tavern is a kid-friendly establishment."

The waitress looked like a pretty young woman in her early twenties, about 1.78 meters (5’10") tall with blonde hair and red eyes. She had a small set of golden wings on her back, horns on her head, and a knee-length golden tail coming out of her spine.

Her dreamy eyes and heavy sighs as she looked at the infants told everyone that Dryna’s maternal clock was stomping through her mind like an angry Dragon.

"What happened to Ghirslak’s academy for Wyverns?" Kamila handed Elysia to Dryna, and the barmaid almost melted with joy. "I thought that by now you would have learned how to shapeshift into a human perfectly."

Dryna was actually a Wyvern, and her bestial features were the result of her poor skills with Body Sculpting. Or rather, they had been.

"The academy started months ago, and I have perfect attendance." The waitress had her horns, wings, and tail disappear for a moment before taking them out again. "I’ve fixed my Body Sculpting mistakes after the first two lessons."

"Then why do you still look like that?" Kamila pointed at the extra limbs.

"Because after many complaints from our clients and a steep decline in my tips, I decided to keep them." Dryna sighed. "Who would have thought that so many people have a thing for Dragon girls?"

"I really can’t say." Kamila chuckled while looking at Lith, who just so slightly blushed.

Pregnancy gave her the ability to shapeshift into a Tiamat, a Voidfeather Dragon, and an Abomination. She rarely used their abilities to their full extent but had explored the bodies of all three forms thoroughly for their amorous plays.

As the Verhens took their seats, Lith noticed way more looks than usual discreetly trailing to his table. He placed his order while assessing the numbers and threat level of the rest of the patrons.

’There are quite a lot of people, but with Haug’s arrays, disposing of them won’t be difficult if they try something funny.’

Lith thought.

Haug was a dimensional mage, and his Tavern was his masterpiece. It was several times bigger on the inside and filled with powerful magical formations that ensured his customers’ privacy and safety.

"Thanks for the dinner, Lith." Menadion said. "This is the first time I get to dine out with my baby girl and meet Awakened who aren’t trying to kill us."

Many people interrupted their conversations to stare at her and admire the striking resemblance between the First Ruler of the Flames and her only remaining descendant. Yet they did it openly and respectfully.

"Mo-enadion, stop!" Solus blushed hard as her mother caressed her cheek and kissed her head. "What Lith said to Elina applies to you too. I’m not a baby!"

"Gods, you are so cute!" Menadion squeezed Solus in her arms just as Dryna did to Elysia.

Yet while the baby girl giggled and cooed in joy, Solus just wanted to drop off the face of Mogar.

The waitress handed Elysia back to Kamila as soon as she settled at the table, sighing at the separation. As Lith adjusted Valeron’s baby seat near him, he heard the murmurs become louder, and the number of furtive gazes thrown at his table increased.

’I see.’

His nostrils flared in annoyance, but aside from that, his expression didn’t change.

"We split the bill." Morok said with a whisper not to hurt Bodya’s feelings.

"Exactly." Orion chimed in. "The Verhens pay for the Verhens and the Ernas for the Ernas. Please, make a separate tab for our tables."

"Thanks, Dad." Friya said while Lith and Morok just nodded in gratitude.

Orion’s intervention had spared the Nidhogg’s pride and Morok’s wallet from a huge blow.

"No split check for us." Selia shamelessly said. "We’re Magus Verhen’s guests."

The food was served quickly, and it was perfectly cooked as usual. Haug took care to turn his most famous dishes into small servings of baby food with the minimum amount of salt and spices necessary.

In her Tiamat form, Elysia could already eat solid food, but she appreciated eating the same things as her peers. Solkar, not so much.

"No, you can’t have a steak!" Selia growled, earning herself applause from the children. "You must eat your baby food and vegetables."

The baby boy had turned into a Skoll after sniffing the delicious smell of prime rare meat cooked on the grill and wanted his due. He pointed with his paw at the roasted potatoes his older siblings were wolfing down with their meat.

"No, potatoes are not that kind of vegetable. You must eat your greens!" Selia’s reply was met by a desperate howl.

Luckily for them, no one cared about a hybrid child’s tantrum. The nearest customers only asked them to raise the Hush array of the table to keep the noise down.

"Quiet." Protector said, and Solkar complied. "Now be a good boy and eat your food."

"Gods, I fall in love with him all over again when he does that." Selia gushed while staring at her husband feeding the baby boy after restoring the peace at the table. "I wish I had let him use his pack leader authority years ago."

Selia stared at Lilia, Leran, and Fenris. The two older kids gulped hard while the baby girl just smiled and kept eating, unaware that a little more than one year ago, she had been as problematic as her little brother.

"I can’t stand Lith when he cheats, instead." Kamila grunted while taking Elysia in her arms and prioritizing the baby’s hunger over her own.

Lith had opened three extra eyes and used his tail to feed Valeron after moving the baby boy onto his lap, leaving his hands free to appreciate his meal with the rest of the family.

"It’s not cheating, just skill." Lith replied.

"I can’t believe it." Said a plant folk sitting at a table across the room from Lith’s. "That boy really is Thrud’s son. We are seeing the Mad Prince with our own eyes."

He had pulled one of the photos that Thrud had released back when she had announced the birth of her heir to the throne out of his amulet and was comparing it with Valeron.