Chapter 3747: Fulfilling A Wish (Part 2)

Chapter 3747: Fulfilling a Wish (Part 2)

"Don’t be silly." Raaz snorted. "You did what you had to protect your family. Physical violence isn’t the only violence."

"Agreed." Orion nodded. "Had they badmouthed my Little Flower, I would have sicced Jirni at them."

"That’s right, dear." She nodded, realizing his words too late. "Wait a minute. What am I? A hunting dog?"

"Please. Hunting dogs are cute pets compared to you." Orion shrugged while Quylla and Friya laughed.

"And I would have fed them to Quylla!" Morok said before Jirni could react.

"Hmgh drrh yh?" Quylla tried to protest, but her mouth full of food produced only unintelligible words.

"Don’t worry, dear. I would drench them with gravy sauce first." Morok misunderstood her question and replied with confidence.

Quylla found herself drooling and thinking about what plant folk would taste like, which scared her enough to stop being angry at her husband.

’This is not me. It’s because of the twins that I’m so hungry.’ She told herself until she believed it.

"Don’t worry, babe." Kamila said. "The important thing is that we can spend the rest of the evening in peace."

Valeron the Second stared at Lith for a while, and he misunderstood the gesture, bringing a spoonful of baby food to Valeron’s mouth. The baby boy sniffed at the spoonful before eating it.

Valeron had actually confirmed his suspicions. Ragnarök’s sheath had a different smell from before. The coating made from the blood of the Awakened who had tried to kidnap the baby boy was gone, replaced by Lith’s blood.

The angry blade noticed Valeron’s stare and upturned its cross guard in what it hoped would look like a smile. A barbed smile full of jagged teeth.

Valeron giggled at the sight and waved his small hand at the blade.

"What’s the matter, son? Did that bad man ruin your appetite?" Lith said, his voice worried as he was still holding the second spoonful near Valeron’s mouth.

"Hungry!" The baby boy resumed his meal and didn’t stop until his plates were clean and his stomach full.

The rest of the evening at the Tavern passed pleasantly and uneventfully. No one dared to speak due to Lith’s warning, and, more importantly, no one dared to act due to the Griffons’ and the Dragons’ threat.

At the end of the meal, Lith paid the bill and added an extra for the trouble.

’With what I’m spending, I doubt Haug will blacklist me.’

He inwardly groaned.

’Solus has stockpiled on sweets, Selia has ordered a week’s worth of food to go, and Rena has taken enough for a small banquet for Zelex’s senate.’

He opened the door for Kamila, Solus, and the rest of his family. Elina proposed taking a digestive walk before returning home, and everyone agreed.

They took the Transportation Gate back to the residential district and toured Manaron a bit longer, admiring the city by night.

There was no curfew in the flying capital, and people could stay up as late as their next day duties allowed them to.

"I don’t want to go to bed! I’m not sleepy!" The children lived in different houses, but they all whined about bedtime the same way.

"You say that every night, young man/lady, yet I have to battle every morning to drag you out of your bed!"

"Please, Mom/Dad! Just five more minutes!" At a wave of the parents’ hands, the playgrounds and dungeons disappeared, replaced by a Dragon construct wearing a night cap on its head and holding a pillow in its arms. "Not the Bedtime Dragon! Please!"

"I’m so tired." The construct yawned with a soft-pitched voice. "Let’s take a nap together."

The children couldn’t argue with the cartoonishly cute creature staring at them with its big eyes. They offered no resistance when the construct lifted them in a hug and brought them inside their house.

"Noooooo!" The scream ended when the Dragon locked the door and activated the Hush array.

"That’s awesome!" Aran, Leria, and the triplets stared at the enforced curfew with wide eyes.

"Glad you like it." Raaz grunted. "Can you make something like that at home, son?"

"Sure, Dad." Lith nodded.

"No, Dad, wait! That’s not what I meant!" Aran started to panic.

"I need one of those too, please." Rena said, making her children go pale.

"No problem, big sis." Lith replied.

"Abominus, you will defend me, right?" Leria asked.

The Pyrmir looked at her, then at Rena, and handed the young girl to her mother.

"Traitor!" Leria pouted.

"Good boy." Rena caressed Abominus’ head. "Extra breakfast for you tomorrow."

"You sold me for a bit of food?" Leria was flabbergasted.

"If you count the snacks, lunch, and dinner, it’s a lot of food." Abominus licked his snout. "Also, you need to sleep, and I don’t want Rena to split us if you misbehave."

"I’m sorry, Abominus. You’re right." Leria hugged him. "I’ll be good, Mom."

"I believe you, baby girl, but I’m still getting a Bedtime Dragon." Rena replied.

***

Back to the Mansion, Lith brought Valeron and Elysia to their room and was about to open the door to the nursery when Valeron the Second clawed at his shirt.

"No, please." He said.

"Do you want to sleep with us?" Lith asked while pointing at the master bedroom.

"Yah!" Elysia nodded.

"No." Valeron shook his head, pointing at the door of Lith’s study. "Me, you, there, please."

Lith looked at Kamila and Solus, who shrugged, having no idea what the baby boy wanted either.

Lith grabbed the handle of his study, and when Valeron nodded, he opened the door. The baby boy pointed at the tea table, where the Camellia was set up in a vase as the centerpiece.

While Lith was still frozen in shock, Valeron used a tendril of Spirit Magic to grab the mystical flower and bring it close. Then, he took the Camellia branch out of the pocket of his onesie.

Valeron had kept the branch on himself since the day Lith had given it to Valeron during the picnic at Mogar’s Garden.

Valeron attached the branch to the stem, but nothing happened.

"No?" He asked while looking at his parents.

"It doesn’t work like that, silly." Solus kissed the baby’s head to reassure him. "Of course, the offer to formally adopt you is still valid, but are you sure this is what you want, Val?"

"Yah!" Elysia nodded, orange Flames glowing from her mouth, ready to fuse the branch to the flower at any cost.

"It’s not your decision to make, young lady!" Kamila stopped Elysia before she could unleash her fiery breath. "Gods, it must be the Phoenix blood in her veins to make her so bossy."

"Yeah, sure." Lith’s and Salaark’s voices said in unison. "It’s the Phoenix blood’s fault."

"Is that sarcasm?" Kamila grunted.

"Guys, not now. Valeron-" Solus tried to stop their quarrel, but the baby boy’s laugh cut her short.

He laughed so much and so hard that he started to cry, but for the first time in a long while, Valeron shed tears of joy. No one was bothered by his overdue request to join the family.

No one rejected him. Quite the contrary, everyone was worried that Valeron would reject them again. They considered the matter so natural that they quarreled among themselves like usual. Like family.

Like his family.