Chapter 3759: Missing Piece (Part 2)

Chapter 3759: Missing Piece (Part 2)

’We missed a piece, that’s what.’

Then, feeling his confusion, she added,

’We lack the final shard. The one containing Dusk’s consciousness, remember?’

She said, and Orpal telepathically nodded for her to continue.

’It’s like having his body but not his head. It’s already a hassle as it is, but don’t forget that we Horsemen are not like humans. Even if split apart and from a great distance, every piece of our body is still connected.

’Wherever Kelia is, she has done something that awakened Dusk’s mind. The head is calling, and the body is trying to move. In other words, I ensured that Dusk’s crystal *has* to stay with us, but it now *wants* to go to her.’

’I understand.’

Orpal nodded.

’Is there anything I can do to help you?’

’Actually, yes.’

She replied, surprised by his thoughtfulness. Night had expected him to whine and moan like usual, not to be helpful.

’Help me keep everything together. My crystal is also yours, and your willpower is as effective as mine.’

’Got it.’

Orpal telepathically nodded.

"Jorl, I need your help." His mouth said at the same time. "Find my crystal with your breathing technique and infuse only the black parts with Life Maelstrom. Affect the red ones, and we are screwed. And with ’we’ I mean you, me, and Night."

"On it." Jorl cursed the gods for the missed opportunity to get rid of the Dead King, but first things first.

He did as instructed, providing Night with the might to contain the red crystals and countering the Life Maelstrom they produced in the attempt to free themselves from their slaver.

***

Garlen Continent, Verhen Mansion, at the same time.

When Kelia woke up, the world around her was all warm and fuzzy. Literally.

Her body was covered in soft feathers and released so much heat that for a moment she thought she was in a blacksmith’s forge.

"What happened? Where am I?" She struggled to get up, but Baba Yaga held her down gently.

"You broke through to the deep cyan, child. Congratulations." The Mother’s emerald eyes sparkled with joy and tears. "As for the where, you’re on the floor of the dining hall. We were having lunch when your breakthrough started. Remember?"

"Right!" The fog clouding Kelia’s mind cleared up, and her memories returned.

She relaxed in Baba Yaga’s lap and raised her hands to her eyes, discovering they were covered in silvery feathers and possessed retractable feline claws.

"I’m a hybrid at the deep cyan instead of the deep blue? Is that even possible?" Kelia asked while conjuring a mirror to look at the rest of her body.

"Possible, yes. Normal, no." Tyris replied. "Salaark and I couldn’t allow the children to witness such a gruesome process, so we awakened your bloodlines."

"Gruesome?" Aran and Leria swallowed hard, exchanging a worried look.

Breakthroughs didn’t sound so cool anymore.

"Yes, gruesome." Salaark nodded. "Enjoy your condition while it lasts, Featherling. You’ll lose it in a few minutes and won’t get it back until you truly deserve it."

"Thanks, Overlord. Lady Tyris." Kelia nodded at the Guardians. "Thanks for everything, Grandma. I can’t believe Dusk was- Dusk!"

The memory of his voice washed away the still-lingering confusion and weakness as she focused on the crystal shard in her chest. She gave it all the mana and life force she could muster to bring Dusk back, but to no avail.

"You’re welcome, child." The Mother helped Kelia to stand up. "Don’t waste your energy. You don’t have the power to bring him back. I don’t have the power to bring Dusk back."

She sighed, lowering her gaze in sadness.

"He broke through his slumber only thanks to the massive flow of world energy from your breakthrough, the Guardians’ powers, and your Life Maelstrom. Without all of them, he can’t sustain his existence."

"I see." Kelia nodded and looked at herself in the mirror.

She impressed her current appearance upon her memory to find the strength to keep training even when everything seemed lost.

"About my Life Maelstrom, was that normal?" She asked. "I mean, is a Griffon born with their mana organ full? I thought Life Maelstrom needs time to form and build up."

"No, it wasn’t normal, and yes, a Griffon is born with their mana organ full." Tyris replied. "But only because they don’t need it in the womb, and the world energy is accumulated as their body develops.

"Your case is unique, Kelia. You had but a mere spark of Life Maelstrom born from your temporary mana organ, and you amplified it through the world energy you channeled in your heart and feathers like a Phoenix does with Origin Flames."

"It’s amazing!" Kelia said. "Does that mean I won’t have Origin Flames?"

She felt hot, but no matter how deeply she breathed, she could spark no fire.

"It’s hard to say at this point." Leegaain shook his head. "You are below a hybrid and a Featherling both. Lith also had only Origin Flames as a Wyrmling, and you are weaker than he was when he acquired his new form.

"Your body needs to develop much more to harness its powers. Until you reach the blue core, having any bloodline ability is an amazing feat by itself."

"Thanks, Lord Leegaain." Kelia gave him a deep bow.

"Wow, Auntie Kelia looks so cool!" Aran and Leria said, drawing Leegaain’s annoyed gaze. "Will we also be like her when we grow up?"

"I wish." Salaark sighed sharply with honest sadness. "Sadly, you carry a lot of Dragon blood, Aran. Your wings are membranous, and your body is bound to be covered in scales. I still have hope for you, Leria.

"Your beautiful feathered wings are a good omen."

"Thanks, Grandma." Leria’s naïve heart was torn.

On the one hand, she greatly respected Salaark. On the other hand, she also loved and respected Lith. Leria wanted to be like them both, but she knew it was impossible.

"Dragon blood is cool!" Aran grunted, and Leegaain nodded in approval. "Also, scales look much better than feathers in defining muscles like Auntie Kelia’s huge pecs."

"My pecs?" Kelia blushed, thinking that the young boy was talking about her breasts.

Awakening and Dusk’s treatment had turned her into a good-looking girl, and the growth spurt had done the rest, adding generously to her figure.

Great were Kelia’s horror and surprise when she noticed that nothing impeded her line of sight and she could see her feet with ease.

"What happened to me? Have I turned into a man?" She patted herself down, sighing in relief when she found no dangly parts either.

"No, silly Featherling." Tyris chuckled. "Hybrids can’t reproduce. They lack all the necessary features and are genderless. The only way to tell a male from a female hybrid is by their voice. You’ll get everything at the deep violet core."

"Thank the gods." Kelia sat down, her nerves still shaken.

"You’re welcome." The Guardians replied with a laugh. "Man, this never gets old."

"Don’t be too happy about that." Tista grunted, waving at her chest. "When you become a Divine Beast, these babies need extra protection and can lead to embarrassing moments."

"Congratulations, big sis!" Aran hugged Tista, his words confusing her.