Chapter 3752: Third Place (Part 1)

Chapter 3752: Third Place (Part 1)

Whenever Quylla ran out of ideas, she moved on to her still nameless branch of magic. Between the knowledge she accumulated by studying the life force of Fomors and Balors and the growing power of the twins, Quylla’s work progressed by leaps and bounds whenever she had so much as a spark of inspiration.

On the other hand, however, getting up by herself was becoming harder and harder. Quylla now needed either someone to pull her up or to use Spirit Magic just to get out of bed before noon.

Pregnancy amplified her magical abilities threefold, but also all of her biological needs. She ate so much and had to run to the bathroom so often that she had become sick of it.

"It’s the circle of life, baby." Morok moved her from her desk to the toilet in a princess carry. "What goes in has to go out."

"That’s not how the circle of life works." She sighed. "But thanks for the moral support and your help. Stupid Warp Steps."

Quylla had tried Blinking to the bathroom, but she was no Friya. She often messed up the dimensional coordinates, cutting through sinks, the bathtub, and one time the toilet itself.

Water had flooded Quylla’s guest quarters, and if not for the self-repair arrays of the Mansion, Lith would have had a stroke just from the repair costs. After almost losing her notes due to her rush, Quylla had given up on dimensional magic and accepted Morok’s help.

He was happy to stand by her side since all her biological needs were amplified threefold, and stress made her insatiable in the bedroom as well. Morok spent his time between venting sessions working on his bloodline abilities and life force.

"Don’t mention it." He replied.

"Once I’m done here, there’s something I need you to do." She said.

"On it!" Morok replied, taking off his pants.

"Go call my father, please."

"What?" He said in outrage. "That’s disgusting! I never agreed to that!"

"What are you talking about? What’s disgusting about going back to my old village?" Quylla asked.

"Oh, that!" Morok sighed in relief, glad that his wife and father-in-law had a perfectly healthy relationship. "Just one second. Give me the time to put my pants back on."

"Why did you take your pants-" Quylla realized the misunderstanding and blushed up to her ears. "Pervert! How can you even think I would do such a thing?"

"Sex is perfectly normal for a married couple." He replied.

"I know that, you jackass! I’m talking about my father!" Quylla snarled.

"I don’t know how much sex your father has, and I really don’t want to know." Morok shuddered at the idea.

"That makes the two of us!" Quylla’s rage reached new heights. "I mean, how could you put my father and sex in the same thought?"

"That’s my line! You gave me a heart attack!" Morok snarled back.

"Never mind." She sighed in exasperation. "Please, ask my father to come here and make no mention of this conversation."

"Got it." Morok nodded.

"With anyone!" Quylla rushed to add the moment she heard the door opening. "Ever!"

"Spoilsport." Morok pouted. "This is one of those silly anecdotes we should share with our friends to have a good laugh."

"I swear to the gods, if I ever hear so much as a peep about this, I’ll-"

Morok closed the door, and the Hush arrays of the Mansion did the rest.

"She’s so cute when she’s angry." He smiled to himself. "If only she didn’t yell so much."

The Tyrant was still wondering about the mysteries of the female mind when Orion invited Morok in.

"What can I do for you, Morok? Is everything alright with Quylla?" Orion no longer had reservations about his son-in-law.

Not only was he terrified that Quylla would keep her promise and cut her parents out of her life if they disrespected her husband again, but Orion had also come to appreciate the kindness and affection with which Morok supported Quylla through her pregnancy.

"I’m fine, thanks, and so is Quylla." Morok replied. "She wants to visit Cerea and would like you to accompany us."

"Oh, that." Orion nodded. "High uniform and our best behavior?"

"Yeah. Please, stop me if you notice I’m about to lose it." Morok said.

"Only if you do the same for me." Orion sighed.

"I wish I could come with you guys." Jirni didn’t bother hiding her frustration.

She couldn’t leave the Mansion without the risk of an ambush from the Gernoff might ruin months of patience and preparations. Bringing Kamila or Elysia along was pointless since the Guardians wouldn’t defend Jirni.

The only way to extend their protection to her was to join Kamila or Elysia in an activity they would have done anyway on their own, like when they had dined at the Travelling Tavern.

’It’s been only a few months that I’m walking a mile in the people of Zelex’s shoes, and I’m already sick of this.’

She thought.

’I can’t leave this gods-damn mana geyser, and I have to spend my days trapped between these walls like a trapped animal.

’If someone like me feels like that, I can’t even imagine what Ryla’s and Garrik’s life must have been. Forever restricted to the boundaries of an underground prison fist and a gilded cage now.

’I must cut them and Morok some slack.’

"I would like that too, dear, but there’s no way to keep you safe in an open space. Your people are too resourceful." Orion said. "Moreover, we can’t delay this anymore. Quylla wants to make this trip before the babies are born."

"Yeah, and believe me, if we wait any longer, she won’t be able to move on her own anymore, and her whole plan will end in the gutter." Morok nodded. "You were big during the last trimester, Jirni, but Quylla is enormous!"

"Twins tend to do that." Jirni replied. "They need double the space, but there’s only so much that a woman’s body can do to accommodate them."

Once, she would have gotten annoyed with Morok for the perceived insult, but the forced cohabitation had shown Jirni the Tyrant’s virtues. He rarely intended to offend people. He was simply so direct that he often came out as rude.

"Do you want to watch it live via the amulet?" Morok asked. "We can establish a one-way call so you can hear what happens to us, and you can watch everything through the hologram. It’s not like being there, but it’s the next best thing."

"Thanks, but no thanks." She shook her head. "I’ll wait for your return and witness everything with a mind link. Thanks for the thought, though."

"No problem." Morok nodded. "How is my favorite sister-in-law today?"

He approached Dripha’s crib, and she giggled at him. Morok picked her up and had his Tyrant eyes act googly, appearing and disappearing from the various parts of his body. That and the colored lights flaring from his pupils were Dripha’s favorite show.

"Da! Da! Da!" She said.

"Thank you, but I’m not your dad." Morok said, and Orion almost popped a vein.

"She’s not saying dad, dear." Jirni tried to console her husband. "She has been calling everything ’da’ for a few weeks now."