Chapter 3784: Vastor’S Potions (Part 1)

Chapter 3784: Vastor’s Potions (Part 1)

"The Queen cut the clone to pieces." Brinja said while looking Lith in the eyes. "She gave Narchat the death he deserves, and it’s a pleasure for me to watch their fight every night before going to bed.

"Yet that was just a clone. The real one is still out there. I’m not going to rest until I see Meln Narchat beg for his life and hear his cries before he is put down like the rabid dog he is. I haven’t forgotten our promise, Lith."

"And neither did I." He moved his hand toward the recording again, and this time Brinja didn’t stop him. "Rest assured, I’ll deliver on it."

***

After the conversation moved to less morbid topics, Lith and Brinja managed to dispel the ghost of Meln haunting their thoughts.

"Are you going back to your house or will you move to a new one?" Lith asked.

"I’ll stay in my ancestral house." Brinja replied. "No matter what happens, that’s the house I’ve been born and raised in. I know Mother didn’t share much with you about the daily life of the Distar family, but this is nothing shocking to me.

"People have broken into my house and tried to kill me ever since I can remember. Being a ruler means upsetting a lot of people and making even more enemies."

"I know. That’s how we met." Lith smiled at the memory.

"Don’t remind me of that!" Brinja blushed. "You seeing me naked wasn’t a problem when you were a kid, but now you’re an adult."

"When did Lith see you naked?" Kamila walked as silently as a Wraith and looked just as friendly as she served her guest hot tea and fresh pastries.

"Back in the day. When I earned my commendation for the White Griffon, remember?" Lith smiled.

"Ah." The clouds thundering above Kamila’s head disappeared, and her smile went from cold to warm. "Brinja, I want you to know that you can stay here for as long as you like. The Mansion won’t give you peace or solitude, but you are safe here."

"Thanks, Kamila, but I’ll return home as soon as I’m done here." Brinja replied. "I need to replace the current arrays with new ones. Meln knows how they work, and if returns, he’ll find me ready."

"Good thinking." Kamila nodded. "Lith does the same. Whenever he learns something new about Meln, he develops arrays to counter his abilities."

"Who do you think I get my anti-Narchat magical formations, dear Kamila?" Brinja chuckled. "Lith gives me the blueprints, and I put the gold and the materials. He doesn’t even ask to be paid for his services."

"The Miser Magus works for free?" Kamila gasped in mock astonishment.

"I know, right?" Brinja returned the feeling in kind. "I don’t know if he does it because he likes me that much or because he hates Meln that much."

"I guess we’ll never know." Kamila sighed

"It’s not funny." Lith grunted. "Also, I’m right here. Stop talking about me instead of to me."

"Lil bro, do you have a minute?" Tista chimed in once she was certain she wouldn’t interrupt anything important. "I need to talk to you."

"Whatever it is, it can’t be worse than this." He replied, following her inside the Mansion and away from prying ears. "What’s with that serious look? Did something happen?"

"Gods, no." Tista fiddled with her fingers. "I wanted to ask you about the... loot. When do I get my share?"

"What loot?" Lith furrowed his brow. "The rules of engagement are simple. You get to take the stuff of the people who try to kill you. In this case, the Upyrs went after Jadon and Keyla, not us.

"We just helped them. We are not entitled to a share of the spoils of battle unless you want to ask for a reward."

"I could never ask them for a reward. Not after how much Count Lark did for us back when we had nothing." Tista sighed. "I thought we would split the loot evenly. You know how much I need the Adamant."

"First, even if we did split the spoils of battle, the Larks are the victims and Protector saved them. The three of them would take the lion’s share anyway." Lith replied. "Second, you know Jadon and Keyla are small-time country nobles.

"They can use part of that Adamant to equip their guards and exchange the rest for the magical resources they need to improve their house arrays. Third, whatever you’d get, you would have to hand it to me."

"That’s my point." Tista groaned. "If I don’t start paying you back now, I’ll never clear my debt in time."

"I’m sorry, big sis." Lith replied. "Do what you want, but know that neither I nor Protector asked to be paid for our services. The Larks are friends, and as you have heard while Brinja and Kami made fun of me, I don’t expect money for helping my friends."

"Can I at least buy the Adamant from Jadon and Keyla?" Tista asked. "I’m earning a bit of gold and a few ingredients by selling my Origin Flames via the Fire Dragons’ network. Maybe I have enough to barter."

"Sure." Lith nodded. "This is the current Adamant/gold exchange rate and the ingredients the Larks need."

"How much?!?" Tista went pale reading those cruel numbers followed by so many zeroes and the amount of resources needed for a single Adamant ingot.

"Why do you think magical metal mines are such a big deal even for Awakened?" Lith snorted. "Why do you think Ripha invented the Crucible? Adamant is rare, and there’s a high demand for it.

"Unless you own an enchanted mine, you have to work months to earn enough Adamant to make a human-sized weapon. If you are okay using unrefined metal, of course. The Upyrs’ equipment was already purified to perfection, so it’s worth several times more than raw Adamant ore."

"Why do you hate me, lil bro?" Tista ran away crying, leaving Lith flabbergasted and feeling almost guilty for her trouble.

***

Essagor Region, Capital City of Verlam, Vastor Household, a few days later.

Once Elina, Raaz, and Rena could move around without someone clinging to their clothes again, Lith brought them to visit Zogar Vastor. He left Kamila and the kids at home to avoid questions and unwanted witnesses.

"Professor Vastor, it’s so nice to see you." Raaz offered his hand, feeling a bit uncomfortable in his noble clothes.

Zinya had lived with the Verhens for a while and in Lutia for even longer. She was like a little sister to Raaz and Elina, and Vastor was a friend. They knew there was no dress code to visit him, but due to the luxurious nature of the Vastor Household, they didn’t feel comfortable wearing their everyday clothes.

They had changed into fine day clothing worthy of a noble, but not frilly enough to adhere to the strict Royal Court etiquette.

"It’s nice to see you too, Raaz." Vastor promptly shook the hand. "My house still gives you the jeebies, I see."

"Well, yes. I mean, no. I mean, let’s not talk about that, please." Raaz pulled at the collar of his shirt, which seemed to be strangling him.