Chapter 3796: Worth Fighting For (Part 1)

Chapter 3796: Worth Fighting For (Part 1)

“The mana geyser below my fortress of Detemer will provide our comrades of the Fallen races the energy to keep their rationality and preserve their lifespans.” The Firstborn Vampire said.

“The magic crystal and metal mines will give work and a place to stay to all those who prefer living underground, no matter if merfolk, orcs, or undead. The empty streets of Detemer will host the humans who are unhappy with the Beast Empire, the elves who want to move to my city, and the fallen creatures who prefer to live under the sun.

“I’ll be their ruler, of course. My Sunstones will illuminate everything, and my justice will be fair and blind, just like in the past.”

“It sounds like a nice dream.” Lith didn’t bother to hide his disbelief. “But it’s a dream worth fighting for. Also, you’ve yet to tell me the reason for this call.”

Kamila opened the door, and Lith covered her in darkness before she entered the field of the hologram projection. She only wore a see-through lingerie and carried a tray with everything necessary for an intimate massage session.

“Because I know you killed the World Tree, my friend.” Vladion replied. “I know how you destroyed Narchat’s army with your ‘armor’, and I need your help to free my home from the filthy parasite called Ruugat of the Earth.

“You won’t fight alone this time either, so your secrets will be safe. I don’t expect you to do all the work. I’ve already assembled a mighty force comprised of people belonging to all races.

“I’m confident we can succeed without your help, but the number of casualties would make it a hollow victory. We need a heavyweight like you to draw Ruugat’s attention and give us the time to regroup and strategize as the battle progresses.

“Jiera is already short on people. We can’t afford to lose too many powerful warriors, or there won’t be enough to keep Detemer safe from another lost city until the reconstruction work is done.”

“Victory?” Lith furrowed his brow. “Did you discover the method to destroy the lost city’s pseudo cores without triggering a chain reaction?”

“Of course, not.” The First Vampire sighed. “The idea is to break Ruugat’s body down until his crystal nucleus is exposed, seal it, and move it to a location where he can be contained indefinitely. I’ve already made arrangements with Jiera’s Council.

“We’ve found an area poor in world energy, and the sealing arrays are ready to be activated. Once Ruugat’s pseudo cores get there, the magical formations will keep his powers in check for millennia or until we find a way to destroy him for good.”

“Can I have some time to think about this?” Lith asked.

“I don’t see why not.” Vladion shrugged. “Just know this. This project is very important for everyone. Detemer first, and then the Valak region, would become free trade centers where the Kingdom, the Empire, and the Desert can establish business relationships with the Jierans.

“I was born in Jiera and have lived on both continents. I’m the perfect ambassador to build a bridge between settlers and natives. On top of that, I’m the only one who can ensure the safety of the people of Zelex and the elves.

“They trust me because they have fought with me. We shared bread, misery, and happiness. I’m not a politician who can be swayed by money and power. Most of all, I’m neutral, and my nature as an undead makes humans look at me the same way they look at monsters and elves.

“Valak would be a buffer zone between the outposts of the Garlener countries and the Jieran territories. Once my home country is reconquered, the expansion process of the outposts would progress unhindered since monster tides would have to pass through Valak first.”

“I could have pressured you through the Royals, the Empress, or even the Overlord, but I came directly to you, just like you did with me for Solus. Please, consider my request thoroughly before rejecting it. Vladion out.”

“Well?” Lith asked, knowing that Kamila had overheard the entire conversation since she hadn’t moved from her spot.

“I agree with him.” She replied. “You should help Vladion. The people of Zelex need a real home, not burrows and tents. If they keep living like animals, they will always be treated as such.

“The elves need to live side by side with the other races, or they’ll never overcome the millennia-old grudge of their forced exile. No offense, Grandma, but I believe Vladion is the only one who can pull it off.

“He’s strong, has no political agenda, and he will treat the people who choose to live in Detemer as his people, no matter where they come from. Peace can’t be forced, but it can be built, and this might be the first cornerstone of a new Jiera.”

“None taken.” Salaark’s voice replied. “I don’t trust myself either with that kind of strategic asset and political power. I know I would put my people first. By the way, where did you get that sexy thing?”

“Grandma!” The darkness fog still shrouded Kamila, but she covered her crotch and chest with her arms for good measure while holding the tray with Spirit Magic. “I understand you have to keep an eye on Raldarak, but this is too much!”

“I was just asking for a friend.” The Overlord grunted. “We’ll resume this conversation later. Have fun!”

“I see your point, Kami.” Lith replied, ignoring the peeping Phoenix issue. “Vladion helped me rescue Solus, and I’d love to return the favor I owe him. Before making a decision, however, there are a few people I need to consult.”

“Sure, thanks.” She looked at the ceiling. “Do you think she’s gone?”

“If you call her name, she’ll respond.” Lith shrugged. “Grandma implied she left, and I believe her.”

He lifted the veil of darkness to enjoy the view and took off the Voidwalker armor.

“Now, where were we?”

***

A couple of days later, Lith walked through the Transoceanic Gate of Darmoq, the Griffon Kingdom’s first outpost in Jiera.

Solus, Kamila, Morok, Tista, Bodya, Aalejah Eventide, Ryla, and the entire Senate of Zelex accompanied him.

“I can’t believe I’m home again.” The Nidhogg took a deep breath, joy and pain filling his heart in equal measure.

Bodya was still exiled from his clan and a traitor to Jiera. He was no more welcome than any settler from the Garlen continent.

“Thanks for bringing us with you, Lith.” Syrah had switched her royal clothes for a comfortable set of linen shirt, pants, and leather boots. “It’s been months since the last time we saw our brethren in person.

“This is the perfect opportunity to reconnect with them and see with our own eyes how they have been treated so far.”

“Not to look the gifted horse in the mouth, but I was surprised by your call, instead.” Aalejah said. “You’ve gone above and beyond to avoid me after giving me the World Tree’s seed. What changed your mind?”

“You are the only elf I trust.” He replied. “I know nothing of the elven customs and their tells when they lie. I need you to ensure they’ll fight by our side and not stab us in the back the moment they think the battle is won and they don’t need us anymore.”