Chapter 3795: Neutral Zone (Part 2)

Chapter 3795: Neutral Zone (Part 2)

Elina instinctively activated the earth potion when she was about to get hurt. Raaz used the fire potion to perform heavy labor. Senton used the water potion to improve his hand-to-eye coordination while designing and crafting a particularly elaborate piece.

Rena used the air potion to chase after the triplets when they tried to run from their chores.

"It’s too bad Zogar has decided to keep the spell potions a secret." Solus said while watching everyone cast spells like a true mage. "Even if Hatorne is the one who created the potion tattoos, he made something new out of them.

"Zogar would be crowned a Magus and be the first alchemist in the history of Mogar to receive the title."

"I know." Lith shrugged. "But it’s his choice to reveal his achievement to the rest of the world or not. We can only respect it."

They were working together on the final details to make anyone capable of learning tier five Void Magic. Coming up with the necessary step-by-step exercises had been hard, and trying them themselves to ensure the teaching method worked had taken a long time.

The process would have been much harder and longer if not for the mind-focusing effects of the Yggdrasill wood. With the tower always hidden under the keep of the Mansion, the Armory shared the abilities of the Sage Staff with all those the tower recognized as apprentices of its masters.

It was one of the reasons everyone progressed so quickly in their respective research. Quylla used the powers of the Yggdrasill wood not only to further her studies, but also to know when to stop tapping into the abilities of her twins.

’I don’t want to end up like Kamila.’

She thought.

’If I become too reliant on my children’s powers, I’ll also become addicted to it. I need to restrain myself and not abuse my current state.’

Nalrond also took advantage of the Sage Staff to lift the wool of pride from his eyes and realize how clumsy and ineffective the Rezar bloodline legacy was. Selia and Kamila used the Yggdrasill wood to overcome the limits of their talent and improve their learning speed.

The same did Lilia, Leran, Aran, and Leria. The kids needed all the help they could get to master their Awakened powers and learn how to use them without hurting those around them. As for Garrik and Ryla, they too enjoyed the effects of the Yggdrasill wood, but only when working on their life forces under Quylla’s supervision.

Only the babies and the Ernas couple were denied such a boon. The former because becoming even more intelligent and powerful would make them dangerous to themselves and others.

The latter because Lith didn’t trust Jirni with the secret of the tower.

"Mama!" Dripha said while extending her small arms.

"I swear to the gods, there must be something in the water here." Jirni held the baby girl to her chest tight. "No baby of mine learned so many words in just a few months of life."

"Do you want me to look into it? Orion asked.

"No. I’m too happy to care why. Isn’t it right, baby girl?"

"Mama!" Dripha said.

At the end of a hard day’s work, there was nothing better than a delicious meal. After that, there was nothing worse than a work call right before bedtime.

"Who are you and how did you get this rune?" Lith answered the call in annoyance.

"I know it’s probably late in Garlen, but that’s a harsh welcome to an old friend." A deep, baritone voice said with a laugh. "I guess you deserve the nickname of Lith the Lich if you’ve already forgotten my rune."

"Vladion?" Lith had indeed forgotten the communication rune of the First Vampire, but he had yet to forget his face. Mostly. "Do you have any idea what time it is here?"

"It’s good to see you too, Lith." Vladion chuckled, giving his friend a bow. "I’m fine, and so are Lysa and Radusk. Thank you for asking."

"You are right, and I’m a jerk. Sorry." Lith sighed.

"The first step is admitting to having a problem." Vladion dismissed the issue with a wave of his hand. "Is everything okay there? I’ve heard your brother is back with a vengeance."

"It’s not really okay, but everyone is fine, and that’s all that matters. Thank you for asking." Lith replied. "What about you? How are you doing in Jiera?"

"Since I can tell from your abs that I’m not the one you were planning to spend the night with, I’ll go straight to the point." Vladion pointed at Lith’s oiled bare chest. "We’re almost there. We have almost reconquered the Valak region, my old territory, and we are close to the walls of Detemer, my old castle."

"Good for you." Lith had the Voidwalker armor cover him. "Yet I can hear a ’but’ incoming."

"But we have a problem." Vladion cleared his throat. "Detemer is located over a powerful mana geyser, and an even more powerful lost city decided to take it as his residence while I was away.

"Detemer provides the cursed object with everything he needs to rebuild himself to the apex of his strength. Not only did I build Detemer with the sturdiest natural materials I could gather over the centuries, but it also has its own crystal and metal mines."

"What?" Lith’s eyes widened in surprise. "I thought the Eclipsed Lands were supposed to be hidden underground. How can the undead maintain a stronghold on the surface?"

"It’s easier than you think." Vladion replied. "As I said, Valak is my dominion. I conquered it back when I was still alive. I became a Vampire later, but still in a time when nobody knew what an undead was.

"Once the humans learned about my nature and how to defeat me, it was too late. I had grown too powerful for them, and my people didn’t care that I was an undead. Quite the contrary. After living for generations under my fair rule, they feared change.

"Why gamble the happiness and stability you already have on a pretender who claims he will do better just because he’s human?"

"It makes sense, but sense alone isn’t enough when dealing with humans." Lith pondered. "Either Jierans are wiser than they look, or there’s something you are glossing over. I’ll never believe people trusted you out of the goodness of their hearts."

"Sadly, you are right. It wasn’t blind trust so much as convenience." Vladion sighed. "While the surrounding regions were constantly at war with each other, plagued by unjust taxes, and regular famines, Valak was peaceful, and my laws made no exceptions for status or wealth.

"The blade of my executioner kissed the necks of the guilty without care for how noble the blood they carried was. Only the crimes they perpetrated mattered. From there, I built the Eclipsed Lands in Jiera.

"The mines were the perfect pretext to create a network of underground tunnels where the undead could seek refuge during the day. I plan to rebuild the Jieran Eclipsed Lands as well after I reconquer Detemer, but this time, truth will be my ally.

"I want Valak to be a neutral zone where the people of Zelex, elves, living, and undead can live together in peace."