Chapter 3797: Worth Fighting For (Part 2)

Chapter 3797: Worth Fighting For (Part 2)

“That’s rude and unfair to my people!” Aalejah said in outrage.

“Really?” Lith asked in mild amusement. “Is seizing a fortress with a mana geyser and magical mines from the hands of filthy humans an unthinkable act for the high and noble elves?”

“No.” She slouched, sighing deeply as she had to concede the point.

“Thank you for coming with us, Ryla.” Carana, the Traughen senator said. “You have no reason to risk your life by accompanying us. It’s we who need you to boost the morale of Glemos’ believers. I won’t forgive this favor.”

“Please, it’s no favor at all.” The Fomor shook her head. “I’m the one who convinced my fellow Balors and Fomors to join the fight in Jiera. They are my people, and I’m responsible for their fate. This is my battle too.”

“Lord Morok…” Br’ey the Orc tried to speak, but the Tyrant cut her short.

“I know. We have to keep the whole ‘Glemos’ heir and savior of Zelex’ façade. I know my role, and I feel as responsible as Ryla, if not more. The people of Zelex are here because of my father.”

“Correction.” Urhen the Balor said. “Your father was a monster, but it’s thanks to him that we are not mindless brutes anymore. Now, it’s thanks to you that we’re still alive, and thanks to your wife that we have hope for the future. Never forget that.”

“That said, how do we reach Valak?” Aalejah asked. “By flight?”

“No.” Lith shook his head. “It would shorten our friends’ lifespan and take too long. Follow me.”

He led the group to a circle of Awakened who had been waiting for Lith’s arrival. A simple scan with Life Vision confirmed his identity, and a call to Vladion those of the Awakened emissaries.

The Awakened conjured a Warping Array from the geyser of Darmoq to another, where a second team of Awakened waited. Each Warping Array covered hundreds of kilometers, and in less than a minute, the group reached its destination.

The mana geyser on the current frontlines of the battle for Jiera.

The barracks were square blocks built with earth magic and meant to last only until the advance reached a new geyser. The temporary settlement was clean, lively, and orderly, but devoid of warmth.

The members of the different factions looked at each other with suspicion, and most of them preferred to stick to their own. Merfolk came and went through a river to deliver messages and seafood.

The only touch of color was the lush vegetation that extended as far as the eye could see, and the tall trees laden with ripe fruits that filled the air with their sweet smell.

“Thank you all for coming here.” Vladion greeted his guests and extended his hand to them. “Jiera and my ragtag bunch praise your good heart.”

All of Baba Yaga’s Firstborns had reached the full-red blood core and could revert to a normal living being at will. The transformation stripped the undead of their magical powers and bloodline abilities, but allowed them to move freely during the day.

Many would have considered Vladion stupid for exposing himself in such a weakened state, but his comrades admired and respected him for that. His actions spoke of trust more than any pretty word could.

“Vladion, nice to see you.” Lith shook the offered hand. “I love what you’ve done with the place. The last reports marked most of Jiera as a barren land.”

“And they were accurate.” The First Vampire nodded. “When I arrived here, the soil was exhausted and the vegetation gone. What you see is the result of months of constant war and spilled blood.”

“I beg your pardon?” Kamila tilted her head to the side.

“The people of Zelex are above cannibalism, but have no qualms about using the corpses of their frenzied brethren as fertilizer.” Vladion replied. “Trolls used Decay to accelerate the decomposition process, ogres used their powers to facilitate the absorption of the nutrients, and voilà.”

He waved at the area surrounding them and then at the green sea that reached the horizon.

“Also, we received priceless help from the Empire. They gave us volcanic ashes from the Valley of Life, and we used them to sustain cultivated fields as the frontlines advance.”

“I see.” Lith nodded and noticed the First Vampire hadn’t come alone. “Lysa, Radusk. What are you doing here?”

He greeted the First Vampire’s wife and lifted the young boy, giving him a full check-up.

“Radusk misses his dad, and I’m here to protect my husband.” Lysa’s bright smile faded, replaced by an annoyed grimace.

“Protect him from what?” Lith asked.

“From that!” Lysa chased away an elf lady who had come too close to Vladion for her comfort. “You have no idea how stressful it is to have your husband surrounded by beautiful women who want…” She noticed Radusk’s curious gaze and switched to a friendly tone.

“To make friends with him. And the worst part is that I can’t even blame them for it.”

“First, I know it all too well.” Kamila grunted. “Second, why not?”

“My husband is handsome, powerful, and most of these women are desperate for a better life he can give to them.” Lysa sighed. “Jiera is a constant battlefield, and when every day might be your last, morality becomes flexible.”

“An elf?” Solus asked. “They already have low fertility, and the undead’s is even lower. Why are elven women courting Vladion?”

“Because of my beautiful baby boy.” Lysa hugged and kissed Radusk, making him turn beet red in embarrassment. “Vladion already proved to be able to conceive, so the elves assume they can be as lucky as me.

“Also, fair warning, Kamila, nothing gets an elf lady’s attention like a baby.” She pointed at Valeron the Second and Elysia strapped to Lith’s chest by baby carriers.

As Kamila looked from her husband to their surroundings, she noticed a pack of blushing elf maidens staring at Lith like a prime steak. Elves loved power, and a Divine Beast could overcome their fertility limits.

Two birds and many babies with one Tiamat.

“Give me those!” Kamila snarled, taking the baby carriers and clinging to his arm to mark her territory.

“This never gets old.” Morok laughed his head off at Lith’s expense. “I can’t wait to tell Quylla-”

“Lord Morok!” A beautiful Traughen threw all her six arms around the Tyrant and trapped him in a tight embrace before giving him a deep kiss.

“And so do I.” Lith laughed. “I can already picture her face.”

Morok pulled out of the kiss and the six arms, but had to be slow and delicate not to hurt the Traughen.

“Calm down, Miss. I-”

“The savior! Lord Morok is here!” Women of all Fallen races swarmed the Tyrant from all sides. “Congratulations on your children. It would be an honor if you allowed me to bear more of your sacred bloodline.”

“What?” Morok was as surprised as he was terrified. “Help! I don’t want to divorce! Someone saves me!”

“Oh, for the gods’ sake!” The senators snarled and went to his rescue.

By the time they managed to pull Morok out of the crowd and shield him from further suitors with their bodies, the Tyrant carried more lipstick on his face than a makeup store in its stock.