Chapter 3801: Ruugat Of The Earth (Part 2)

Chapter 3801: Ruugat of the Earth (Part 2)

"You must have a different definition of easy from mine, Lord Dragonborn." Milea had already reestimated the allied forces’ odds of victory, and she still didn’t like them. "Having two Divine Beasts capable of using Origin Flames along with the Awakened Councils on our side is a huge help.

"Yet it’s not enough. I answered your summons and came here with my troops because you promised me that we would seal Ruugat away and get rid of him for good. With the armies assembled here, we can drive him away easily, but sealing him?

"That’s a whole different beast, and I don’t see it happening. At least not without taking massive casualties. I’m sorry, but I’m not going to sacrifice my people just to retake your lands.

"You would get what you want, and I would have to deal with Ruugat again with whatever is left of my contingents stationed in Jiera."

"The Awakened Councils of Garlen and Jiera agree with the Magic Empress, Lord Dragonborn." The various representatives said as one. "We can’t endanger so many Awakened lives for so little return."

"Garlen is still recovering from the wounds Thrud inflicted upon us." Feela, the Beast Representative said.

"And Jiera has never started recovering." Gyrwin Isaar, the Human Representative, added. "Our numbers dwindle since the day the plague was unleashed. There is too much to do and too few of us."

"I know." The First Vampire replied. "I was here when the plague started, and I’ve been back long enough to know how dire Jiera’s situation is. Yet I’m sure we can seal Ruugat the same way we did millennia ago."

"Speaking of which, you never told us how you and the ancient Jierans sealed such a monster in the first place." Milea pondered.

"With the help of my second secret weapon." Vladion replied. "Ladies and gentlemen, allow me to present the final members of our team, Dawn of the Bright Day and her host, Zepho Acala."

The Horseman stepped inside the tent wearing her Firstlight Armor while Acala carried the Twilight Blade at his hip.

"A Horseman?" Many weapons were unsheathed, and their wielders took a step back to put some space between them and the perceived threat.

"Your observation skills are astounding." Dawn laughed at them like they were bad comedians. "Yes, I’m a Horseman. I’m also your best chance at survival."

"Lord Dragonborn, please, explain yourself!" Please or not, the words of the Beast Representative of Jiera sounded like an order, not a request.

Aren Dolm’s face became covered with Jormungandr scales as he slowly drained the surrounding world energy to conjure a Doom Tide.

"With pleasure." Vladion’s tone was that of a jovial host. "This is the answer to your question, Empress. My cousin Dawn helped us to seal Ruugat millennia ago. She and a few Dragons, to be precise."

"How does she factor in this mission?" Milea’s White Sword was still at her hip as she studied the Horseman with Life Vision.

"Allow me to answer, Cousin." Dawn moved in front of the table, and Acala followed her one step behind. "I hate it when people talk about me instead of to me when we are in the same room."

She took her time to meet everyone’s glare with her own and show them she didn’t consider them her opponents.

"I’m Ruugat’s second weak spot. Or rather, Light Mastery is. His body absorbs earth magic, and anyone who has faced a golem knows that darkness, fire, water, and air are useless against constructs.

"Ruugat’s body is that of a mountain filled with Adamant veins, and you can’t hope that a few lightning bolts and balls of fire will put him down. Light Mastery is the only answer. I’m the only answer.

"I can conjure a material he can’t control with a mass that matches his own. I can hit him faster and harder than any of you can, and light is ubiquitous. During the day, the sun will give me everything I need for my constructs, and my steed will provide me the mana to conjure them."

The last part left the generals gasping for air. A Horseman was already dangerous on their own, but with their mage tower, they were a calamity on Mogar.

"Also, don’t forget that with Dawn’s help, my best undead and I can fight alongside you even during the day." Vladion opened his shirt, revealing a white prism shining in the middle of his chest. "She’ll fuel me with light element, boosting my strength.

"The undead will fight with the living and protect them with their bodies, if necessary. It’s thanks to Dawn that I can promise you not only success, but also the minimal casualties that such an endeavor entails.

"I’m going to commit my full forces to the battle. The undead won’t be passive spectators. We will fight by your side and use the talents that make us infamous to protect you. Imagine a frontline of Mage Slayers as shield bearers."

The picture painted by the First Vampire was beyond alluring.

Mage Slayers were immune to all magic but darkness. Their mist bodies would absorb most of Ruugat’s spells and make the undead stronger. Just a few Mage Slayers would have been enough to cover any hole in the defensive formations.

An entire squad of them would remove the risk of friendly fire and turn Ruugat’s long-distance spells against him.

Yet not even that was enough to make people forget the past grudges with Baba Yaga’s children and with her Horseman.

"This is unacceptable." Lotho the Treant said, and many Awakened grumbled in agreement. "I can’t trust my back to someone who considers me nothing but a prime salad. Garlen has suffered much at the hands of the Horsemen."

"I don’t care what you accept, little tree." Dawn scoffed. "I didn’t come here to protect you or your pathetic plant folk. I came here to help my cousin Vladion and to give my nephew Radusk his home back.

"I’m going to do that, with or without you. Besides, whoever wants to join the little tree and refuse my help only has to say it. The fewer people I have to worry about, the better the protection I can offer to those who want it."

The room was about to burst into an uproar when Lith stepped forward.

"Let me be clear. I don’t like Dawn. She tried to kill me once and almost succeeded. I don’t trust her as a person, but I trust and respect her as a warrior. If she gives us her word that she won’t betray us, I believe her.

"She has a mage tower and her true equipment. Dawn has no reason to lie to us because we are nothing to her. Moreover, think about it. What does she have to gain from killing any of us?

"If she wanted to, why not do it from a safe distance, instead of announcing her presence? Like it or not, she’s not Night. Dawn is not the Horseman of Chaos and won’t do anything unless it benefits her.

"I choose to trust her because this isn’t about me or you. This is about Jiera, Garlen, and all the lives that can be spared with her help. Yet if you’d rather hold onto your grudges than put down Ruugat, then I’ll be the first one to leave."