Chapter 3816: Just One Person (Part 1)

Chapter 3816: Just One Person (Part 1)

One mana circle appeared behind each Balor and Fomor, turning them into conduits and relay points for the magic circle generated by the Tiamat. The water element formed a dome around Ruugat that scrambled the world energy contained in his spells, neutralizing many of them and weakening the rest.

Fountain of Death still hit all over the battlefield. The explosions produced by remaining Tower Tier Spells lit up the sky like a sun rising from the ground, outnumbering the allied forces more than ten to one.

Yet their power decreased with each centimeter they travelled. By the time Fountain of Death reached the frontlines, shields were raised and barriers conjured.

Despite that, the countless spells hit like a tidal wave and broke past the battle formations, reaching deep inside the ranks of the allied forces.

‘What are Ryla and Lith doing? What is this feeling?’ Morok could only wait and stare as the blinding light of Fountain of Death approached him.

The blue wave of the water element, however, reached him first. The Tyrant’s scales absorbed it like a sponge, but instead of generating a mana circle, he spiraled down from the pain.

His blue eye hurt, and his energy wings flickered in and out of existence, compromising both his focus and his ability to fly. The more Morok tried to absorb the water element from his eye and release it from his wings, the faster his descent.

‘This doesn’t make sense! I’m a Tyrant, not a Balor. I-‘ As he plunged toward the ground, he remembered the day Ryla had taught his half-brother, Garrik, how to conjure the golden lightning.

“Not like that, Garrik, remember what I’ve taught you.” Ryla said in the memory. “Tyrants draw and emit elemental energy from their eyes, while Fomors can also absorb and filter the world energy through their wings.

“Use your yellow eye only to focus and amplify the air element. In from your wings, out of your eye.”

‘In from my wings, out of my eye.’ The Tyrant stopped asking himself questions and did what he did best: follow his gut.

He stopped emitting his mana from the inverted-V bones on his back, allowing the water element to enter his body without encountering any resistance. Morok ignored the fast-approaching ground and focused on the elemental flow.

He let his body memorize where and how it moved before releasing a powerful burst of mana. When the Tyrant’s wings formed anew, they were comprised of a double elemental layer.

One that pushed Morok’s mana out and allowed him to fly, while the other created a pathway through which the elements could flow into him. The water element formed a blue streak on either wing as it coursed through the Tyrant’s body.

Morok had no idea what to do as the water element built up inside his blue eye, so he just followed the melody carried by the world energy.

The water element spread from his pupil to his sclera and burst out in the form of a mana circle that materialized behind him, further empowering the suppression field and weakening Fountain of Death.

Tista also experienced resonance with Lith, but in a much less dramatic fashion. Her twin sets of wings absorbed the wave of water element and turned the same blue as her eye the moment they released the elemental circle.

The Demons, instead, felt nothing. They could feel the raw power in the air, feed on it, heed its call, but couldn’t answer it. The Demons threw themselves at the Fountain of Death, using their undead bodies to protect the living.

When the dust settled down, most of the soldiers had been thrown off their feet, and many mages blasted off the sky.

Yet all the Silverwing’s Bastions had held. Not one of the Awakened forming the seven-man units had died. The blast had incinerated several Mage Slayers, but most of them had survived and now brimmed with stolen power.

The armies of the three great countries had suffered heavy casualties instead of the total annihilation Ruugat had predicted.

The lost city assessed the battlefield with his detection arrays, discovering with horror that not one of those who had taken part in the weird blue circle had died. Somehow, the mana circles the Balors, Fomors, and the Engine emitted had shielded them and those standing behind them completely.

Only those standing farther aside from them had suffered the lessened effects of Fountain of Death.

Even worse, Dawn was still alive. She had conjured many constructs to defend herself and those close to her, fueling the mystical shields with her steed. What reached the Horseman had met the water element power of her Davross equipment and been nullified.

Dawn was weak and her mana core spent, but her steed was unscathed, and the sun was still rising on the horizon. It was only a matter of seconds before the Horseman returned to her full strength.

‘Whereas I’ll need much longer!’ He thought. ‘My mana crystals and pseudo cores are depleted, and these ants won’t wait until I-‘

‘Ryla, Tista, everyone!’ Lith released the fire element from the Elemental Storage and breathed out a river of bright-violet Origin Flames.

The Hekate reacted first, taking a deep breath and releasing a stream of violet Origin Flames that overlapped with Lith’s. The Demons of the Darkness reformed their bodies and joined the siblings a split second later.

The will imbued inside the hundreds of mystical flames had the same goal: to destroy Ruugat of the Earth.

The jet streams of Origin Flames converged and fused in a single pillar of white Primordial Flames that grew in size several times by consuming the still-lingering world energy released by the Fountain of Death.

While the combined Origin Flames barely covered an area smaller than Ruugat’s fist, the resulting Primordial Flames seared most of his chest with white fire.

Ryla was as fast as Tista, but the Engine needed time to adapt and channel the Fomor’s power properly. Ryla’s wings turned red as they filtered the fire element, and her red eye resonated with Lith’s.

The fire element released by the Elemental Storage was amplified by the Adamant-Davross alloy first, then by the fire wing bursting out of the Engine’s back, and finally by the red eyes from which it was released.

The resulting pillar of mystical fire joined the Primordial Flames, increasing its size again.

A Balor’s fire was only comprised of world energy, not life force. No matter how many evolved humans combined their efforts, they would never obtain Primordial Flames.

On top of that, the red fire produced by a Balor’s eye carried no will either, so it couldn’t be used to purify anything, only to destroy. Yet it was still world energy, and it was already set ablaze.

The perfect nourishment for the Primordial Flames.

Absorbing the red flames didn’t dilute the life force imbued inside the Primordial Flames. It just added to their size. The lack of a will of the red flames meant they were soft clay that the bigger and stronger flames could reshape as they saw fit without encountering any resistance.

The pillar of Primordial Flames grew again, now crashing against Ruugat’s chest, abdomen, and shoulders.