Chapter 3819: The Power Of The Elements (Part 2)

Chapter 3819: The Power of the Elements (Part 2)

Lith’s remaining feathered wing burst with silver light that spread inside and outside his body, using it as a scaffold. The light element flooded every vein, organ, bone, and muscle, forming layers upon layers of small constructs that stacked and connected with each other.

When Ruugat lunged at the Engine again, the difference in mass between them had decreased to the point that the lost city could no longer overpower his smaller opponent. Lith grabbed the harpoons’ heads and dug his taloned feet into the ground.

He was pushed back by dozens of meters, and his talons dug deep trenches, but Ruugat failed to close the distance between them.

"What is this?" The lost city asked as he shapeshifted the harpoons into hands to get hold of his opponent. "What’s happening?"

"Beats me, so I’ll beat you to make things even!" Dawn merged all the constructs conjured by Morning Star into one and used it to impale Ruugat from behind.

Even with the Tower Tier Light Mastery spells propelling the spinning drill forward, it wasn’t enough to push it through the granite and Adamant that comprised Ruugat’s massive chest.

That was Vladion’s job.

"Leave this to me and keep your distance! If something happens to you, we’re finished." The First Vampire consumed another substantial chunk of the life force store in his full-red blood core, increasing his mass beyond that of an Elder Divine Beast.

He bodily rammed into the heel of the spinning drill, thrusting the construct past the metal and rock armor and adjusting the hard-light drill’s trajectory so that it released Ragnarök from Ruugat’s clutches.

’I’m sorry, Lith, I don’t know what to do.’ Ryla asked while the Engine and the lost city were locked in a contest of strength that the tower was bound to lose. ’I can only channel one element at a time!’

Light gave the Tiamat extra mass, but no strength and no durability aside from what was needed not to crumble under his own enhanced weight.

’Don’t worry, Ryla.’

Lith replied as his fingers broke and twisted under Ruugat’s grip.

’We got this. We are not fighting alone.’

Dawn’s construct and Vladion’s push dealt enough damage to draw the lost city’s attention. Ruugat’s grip loosened, and Lith’s tightened.

’Now!’

He let go of the light element and conjured the power of air, increasing the tower’s abilities threefold.

On his cue, Solus released the two Silverwing’s Annihilations in the Cannon Vault and emitted them through the Engine’s Hands.

The anti-Guardian spells hit the lost city’s limbs from point-blank and dug their way through barriers, enchanted metal, and stone. Directed contact meant that Ruugat didn’t have the time to adjust the output of Earthly Vault.

Every meter the Annihilations crossed was a meter the rest of the spell traversed unimpeded, reaching the next block with its strength intact. On top of that, Vladion and Dawn kept hammering Ruugat’s back while Lith attacked from the front.

All the while the armies of the allied races attacked from every other side.

***

Atop a mana geyser hundreds of kilometers away from the battlefield, at the same time.

"What’s that?" From the safety of her hut and free to ignore the chaos of battle and see past the sea of dust raised by the armies, Baba Yaga pointed at the center of Lith’s chest, where Solus’ light shone.

***

The six wings from the exhaust ports of the Engine kept flaring with power even though Lith was casting no spell, fueled by the elemental energies released by the Elemental Storage.

The Engine constantly absorbed all six elements and released what it failed to contain through the wings, breathing in what it breathed out just a split second later. The cycle and the Hands allowed the tower to keep the six elemental energies from dispersing.

Yet even with the power from the mana geyser, even with the Storage and the Cannon Vault draining as much energy as they could to recharge themselves, it was more than the exhaust ports could handle.

The elemental energies radiated from the six wings, spreading throughout the surface of the tower in prismatic streams that crossed over each other before converging on Solus’ light.

At that point, the Elemental Storage opened the final container without any input from its masters. The released life force mixed with the overflowing elemental energies, painting the Engine emerald.

The air element maintained its golden lightning form and boosted the abilities of Lith, Solus, and the tower threefold. At the same time, however, the other five elements exerted their effects, their flows overlapping instead of cancelling each other.

Earth made the Engine impervious, light gave it extra mass, fire wreathed it in destructive flames, water nullified the lost city’s enchantments, and darkness allowed Lith to break free of the lost city’s hold the moment the power of the Annihilations was spent.

’How did you do that? How is this possible?’

Ryla asked, feeling weirder by the second.

’There’s no time for explanations.’

Solus felt even weirder but set all her questions aside for later.

’Focus on the fight!’

Lith recalled Double Edge to his hand, using its help to ignite the red fire into Dread Flames. The mystical flames and elemental energies flooded into Ragnarök, which in turn passed them on to Double Edge.

Sections of the blade split and slid apart, creating physical and magical channels for the pure elemental energy. The power flowed from the Engine into each of the seven crystals etched on Double Edge’s surface and then back into the tower in a loop.

The angry blade shone with prismatic light only for a moment before its metal coating turned emerald and silvery flames wreathed it from hilt to tip.

Ruugat attacked with the stumps of his arms, but Ragnarök cut through Earthly Vault and opened a deep rift from hip to neck. The Dread Flames lingered in the wound, keeping it from mending and feeding off the world energy that was supposed to restore the lost city’s strength.

"No." Ruugat said as the Lith opened more and more cuts, and Tista phased through him with Ethereal Aegis.

"No!" With his insides molten by the Hekate’s Cursed Flames, Vladion needed only one more push to make the drill construct burst out of Ruugat’s chest and leave his enchanted metal veins exposed to sunlight.

"NO!" With no trace of the pseudo cores in his chest and the ruins of his arms now cut to the shoulder level, the Awakened focused their Silverwing’s Annihilations on Ruugat’s legs.

The head was too obvious and exposed a place to hide the lost city’s nucleus. The Awakened of both Councils ignored it, but Lith didn’t like taking chances.

’Tista. Everyone. With me!’

The Demons joined him in a focused burst of Primordial Flames aimed at Ruugat’s head that the Balors strengthened by adding their red flames.

’Gods, we do need a name for our abilities.’

Ryla thought.

’Red flames and golden lightning are too generic. All normal flames are red and lightning is yellow/white by nature.’

The white flames melted stone and metal until the structure that served as the head of the humanoid colossus was leveled. Ruugat’s regeneration speed and energy reserves dropped only by a small margin, confirming the Councils’ theory and bringing the lost city one step closer to his defeat.