Chapter 3825: Evolutionary Paths (Part 2)

Chapter 3825: Evolutionary Paths (Part 2)

"You are the only one among us who receives Quylla’s treatments and now this. Today, your race has taken another step forward while the rest of Zelex is still where Glemos left us."

"If you are envious, how do you think I feel, Syrah?" Carana, the Traughen senator, snarled. "Your son, Xagra, is perfectly stable since he wore the King’s Harmonizer, and you’ve found that Protector guy to help you. The ogres have the Dryads, and the orcs have the elves.

"All of you just have to wait for your turn, while my people are going to be left behind. Unless we find someone with a life force similar to a perfect Odi, Traughen and trolls have little hope to undo their fallen state.

"Quylla will study us last because she has no confidence that it won’t be a waste of her time!"

The Red Mother grimaced at those words.

On one hand, she hated everything that reminded her of her people, the Odi. Millennia had passed since their fall, but Baba Yaga’s spite burned as strong as the day she had escaped the clutches of the Odi’s tyrannical regime.

On the other hand, the Red Mother had experienced a tinge of pride when trolls and Traughen had selflessly shielded their comrades with their own bodies. Baba Yaga had admired their willingness to cooperate with the ’inferior races’ instead of lording over them.

More than anything, she appreciated the confidentiality that the Senate kept. No one mentioned Baba Yaga. They knew she was the apex of the Odi race, yet no one looked at her or tried to convince her to help them.

’One good action means nothing after millennia of cruelty.’

She inwardly grunted, extinguishing the spark of guilt that bothered her conscience.

"I’m sorry." Ryla lowered her gaze. "I didn’t mean to whine like that. I know I’m the lucky one. It’s just..."

"That the closer the solution seems, the more painful living in our condition is." Syrah completed the phrase for her. "I know."

Lith left the members of Zelex’s Senate to pat each other’s shoulders and went to Raagu.

"If you don’t need me for anything else, I’d like to return home." Lith said. "I need to rest, and the Omega Prime is in dire need of maintenance. If Meln comes after me, he must find me ready."

"Of course." The Human Representative nodded, believing his bald-faced lie. "Let’s get you back to your wife."

"I’m coming too." Vladion said. "With Mother here, I can entrust the Valak region to her. I want to be the one to tell Lysa and Radusk that we can finally go back home."

"You can also count on me, Cousin." Dawn said. "I’m staying behind to make sure nobody tries anything funny."

"Thanks, Cousin." The First Vampire gave her a deep bow and turned away.

"By the way, Vladion, after witnessing your Blade Spell, I have to ask." Solus said. "Are you really a descendant of Leegaain’s Brood like your last name implies?"

"I wish." He sighed. "One of my ancestors once met a Dragon and developed a deep admiration for their wisdom and strength. Since that day, my family has strived to become like the Dragons, but we don’t carry a single drop of their blood.

"If I did, I doubt that the events that brought the Red Mother to turn me into a Vampire would have ever taken place." Vladion remained silent after that, shattering every hope to uncover the mystery of his origin.

As the group walked through the first Warping Array of many, the flashes of light in Dawn’s eyes betrayed the heated discussion she was having with her host.

’That’s the potential of your race, Zepho.’

The Horseman’s thoughts were filled with worry and affection.

’That’s what you can strive to become. Are you sure you want to abandon that path?’

’I’m not abandoning it, just postponing it.’ Acala replied. ’You heard Verhen. Currently, the human race is stuck at the first evolutionary stage. The gods only know if and when the humans will find a surefire way to become Balors, let alone Fomors.

’Until that day, I would be dead weight. I would add nothing to our union.’

’Don’t say that! Don’t you ever talk about yourself like that!’

Dawn rebuked him.

’Scream at me all you want, but I dare you to refute a single word I said.’

Acala waited several minutes for an answer that never came.

’I’ve made my decision, and I ask you to respect it, Dawn.’

’If you’re sure about this, then I’ll support you until the end.’

The Horseman replied.

’You have already granted my wish, and now it’s my turn to grant you yours.’

***

It took the Garlen Council a few minutes to arrange a path leading back to the Kingdom’s outpost of Darmoq that passed above mana geysers. For the moment, Fomors and Balors remained at Detemer to help with the reconstruction, but Ryla followed Lith.

He moved one step ahead of her, making sure that the flow of world energy coming from both sides of the Warping Array was stable before signaling her to step through.

"Lith! Solus!" Kamila rushed to welcome them with the babies in tow. "I know Ruugat has been defeated and sealed away, but nobody tells me how bad the battle was. Are you alright?"

"Daddy!" Radusk ignored all questions and jumped at his father’s neck, happy to see Vladion undead and well.

"I’m fine, son, and I’ve reclaimed our ancestral home." The First Vampire held the young boy with one arm and kissed his forehead. "I’ve kept my promise to you, son. We can stay on Jiera or go back to Garlen. It’s your choice."

"What about me?" Lysa grunted in mock indignance. "Does my opinion not matter?"

"No." Radusk raised his hand with a straight face, and so did Vladion. "It’s two against one, Mom. You lose anyway."

"Damn democracy!" Lysa giggled, taking the boy in her arms. "I’m still your mother, and I can still punish you."

"Mom, no! Please!" Radusk helplessly struggled as she hugged him tight and peppered his face with kisses. "I’m supposed to be a cool, brooding Vampire Prince! Everything but this!"

Elysia and Valeron failed to understand why such loving treatment was considered a punishment and wouldn’t understand it for many years, but they would. But this is a story for another day.

"Thanks for bringing my husband back in one piece, Lith." Lysa said once Radusk slumped in her arms. "I’ve been worried the whole time."

"Don’t mention it." Lith dismissed the issue with a wave of his hand. "If you want to thank someone, thank Ryla."

Kamila and Lysa looked at the Fomor with a quizzical expression until a quick mind link cleared all their questions.

"This is wonderful news!" Lysa said. "Please, whatever progress you make, keep me posted. I have nothing against Vampires, but I’d love for Radusk to have a good reason to choose his human side when he comes of age."

"Will do." Lith nodded.

"You can come visit us whenever you want, Lysa. It’s been a pleasure meeting you." Kamila hugged the woman like an old friend, and then Lith and the others left via the Transoceanic Warp Gate.