Chapter 3821: Atrophied Limb (Part 2)

Chapter 3821: Atrophied Limb (Part 2)

"Fine by me." Another wave of Raagu’s hand and a Warping Array moved the nucleus and the Awakened surrounding it far away from Detemer and its mana geyser. "Want to try again?"

The Human Representative placed a second Sealed Space and then a third, cutting the supply of world energy that Ruugat received to a fraction. At the same time, she and the other Awakened used Invigoration to restore their strength and charged the Annihilations anew.

"No." Ruugat said with a low, bass voice. "I yield."

"And I don’t believe you." Raagu walked past the Sealed Spaces and hit the nucleus with a tier five Spirit Spell she had already prepared.

She kept pouring more mana until her core depleted and the lost city’s crystal cracked.

"That’s better." She walked out and proceeded to place more Sealed Spaces. "Gyrwin, do you need help with this?"

"No." The Human Representative of Jiera smiled at her Garlen counterpart for the first time since they met. "We can take it from here. My Awakened Council has already prepared a suitable containment site."

That day, the people of Jiera lost the Valak region to Vladion, and many of its mages fell to Ruugat’s fury, yet they gained much, much more.

"We couldn’t have done without your Council. For that, you have our gratitude, Raagu." Gyrwin offered her hand, and Raagu quickly shook it.

"Yeah, right, but aren’t you curious about that Balor and Verhen thing? You know they are all evolved humans, don’t you?" Raagu asked.

"Now that you mention it, Aren, you do the honors and bring this murderous bastard away. I have better things to do."

Much to everyone’s surprise, Vladion, Dawn, and the rest of the undead hadn’t moved from the site of the fortress of Detemer. Even the Dread Knights had run back to the frontlines, stopping their charge to help their comrades collect and pile up all the scattered fragments of the lost city.

Normally, such behavior would have enraged the other members of the allied forces, but they were too stunned to notice. Even Lith.

"What’s happening?" Only then did he notice his flaming wings, his burning eyes, and the emerald surface of the Engine.

’That’s not all. Look around!’

Solus used the Watchtower to take in the entire battlefield and shared it via their mind link.

Lith noticed in shock that both Balors and Fomors had the sky-blue of their skin shaded with green. Their eyes and wings flared with elemental power in a way that resembled Lith’s.

Even more shockingly, the human members, Awakened and not, of the allied forces were also affected by the phenomenon. Those who had elemental streaks in their hair had their eyes lit up with the corresponding elemental colors.

Those without any affinity had their left eye shining red and the right black.

’Those are my affinities. What happened to me and what did I do?’

A quick check proved that the scales covering his body were still pitch black.

’Fuck me sideways, this won’t do. I need a cover.’

A simple Body Sculpting spell changed the black into emerald green as he emerged from the Engine along with Ryla and Solus.

"Oh, fuck me sideways!" Lith blurted out in surprise when he discovered that the situation was much worse than he expected.

Ryla’s skin had turned emerald green just like the Engine, and she now had four more wings made of pure energy. Their shape and position resembled the Engine’s wings, making her almost look like a scaled-down version of the tower’s battle form.

Last, but not least, the order of her elemental eyes had changed to match Lith’s.

It would have been enough to cause a massive uproar if not for Solus doubling down and one-upping Ryla.

Solus still had only two eyes, but they shone with the prismatic light of the seven elements. Her skin was still pink, but her long hair had twisted and knotted itself into proto-feathered wings.

"How did you do it?" Raagu asked, her eyes shining with the silver and orange light of the elemental streaks on her hair. "More importantly, what did you do?"

"I don’t know." Lith looked at his emerald scales with genuine shock. "I brought Ryla the Fomor with me because I knew that our powers synergize well, but this is beyond my expectations.

"When I used the Omega Prime against the World Tree and Meln’s troops, nothing like this ever happened. Ask anyone."

"I can confirm that." Solus looked at her reflection in the ice mirror she had conjured with a surprise and confusion written all over her face that couldn’t be faked by someone allegedly that young.

"Divine Ryla!" The Balors and Fomors knelt in front of her, their foreheads pressed against the ground. "You carry the touch of god Glemos. He changed you. He blessed you, his high priestess, with his powers."

"Calm down, guys." Morok landed on the ground. "I’m sure there is a rational explanation for all this."

His appearance doubled the uproar since his wings now carried the seven elemental streaks, and his scales had turned emerald as well.

"God Glemos has returned!" "God Glemos has descended among us!" "The prophecy was true."

"Did you guys take a blow to the head or what?" The Tyrant looked at worshipping him like they were crazy, until Lith conjured an ice mirror in front of him. "Oh, shit! When and how did this happen?"

"It must be because Verhen is an evolved human!" Gyrwin’s eyes shone with blue, orange, and yellow light. "Somehow, he changed us all."

"Let’s not rush to conclusions." Lith raised his hands, hating to be the center of attention. "First off..."

The flames wreathing his wings faded, Ryla’s energy wings disappeared, and Solus’ hair untangled itself.

"It seems the phenomenon was only temporary." Lith said as the colored streaks started to disappear from Morok’s wings and the light inside the humans’ eyes faded.

"No, no, no!" Ryla fell to her knees, sobbing. "I wasn’t Awakened, but I was almost cured. I can feel it as well as I can feel it slipping away from me."

"Okay, but we still have to determine who was the cause." Morok tried to shift the attention to himself. "I am an equally valid candidate, and my life force is just as unique as Lith’s. Maybe-"

"You are full of it." Roghar the Fenrir, Guardian of Jiera, crossed over and appeared in Zagran’s territory in the blink of an eye. "Tyrants are a defective race. Your eyes change their position and color with every individual.

"You are on the right path, Morok Eari, but your vital essence is in constant flow. You can’t bring order to others when you yourself are plagued with chaos." The Guardian snarled with anger, yet he looked like a child in front of a pile of Christmas presents wrapped with care when he turned toward Lith.

"Verhen’s vital essence, instead, is just unfocused. Not chaotic, mind you. Not wrong. Just unfocused. Everything he needs is already there. His powers are dormant and atrophied, but only because he never used them until today.

"They are akin to a limb he never noticed nor exercised. My theory is that the close contact with the Fomor guided Verhen’s human life force on the right path, and in turn, he guided everyone else." Roghar pointed at Solus and the rest of the humans, evolved and not.