Chapter 3830: Starting Point (Part 1)

Chapter 3830: Starting Point (Part 1)

"No, because you have to explain to our parents how come they get to know about their grandchildren after everyone else." At those words, color drained from Friya’s face. "Mom is still angry at Dripha’s d-word thing. This won’t make her feel any better."

"Gods, you’re right, Quylla." Friya swallowed hard. "This time our mother is really going to kill someone."

***

"This does it." Jirni spoke with a soft, amiable voice not to scare Dripha or her unborn grandchildren, but if glares could kill, the entire Griffon Kingdom would have turned into Mogar’s biggest charnel house. "This time I’m going to kill someone.

"I don’t care who, as long as someone dies slowly at my hands."

After the discovery of Friya’s pregnancy, the analysis of the data of the events in Jiera had to be postponed. Quylla knew that the longer they waited to share the news with their parents, the angrier Jirni and the sadder Orion would become.

Also, no one was in the mood for research anymore.

Lucky the Ry howled in joy, and many others joined him as his voice spread throughout the Mansion. The Rys and Skolls threw back their heads and released guttural cries that echoed all the way into the depths of the Trawn woods.

"I’m sorry, Mom, it was an accident!" Friya bowed.

"You mean you were naked and slipped on Nalrond, who was also naked?" Orion asked in confusion.

"Not that kind of accident, Dad!" Friya turned purple up to her ears. She found talking about such matters with her father beyond embarrassing. "I mean that I was using my breathing technique to help Quylla with her research when I found out I was pregnant.

"I didn’t mean to inform you and Mom last. It’s just that I was so shocked that the others got worried about my prolonged silence and used their own breathing techniques on me. You can imagine the rest."

"Indeed, I can." Jirni nodded, studying the weird composition of the group. "What were you doing, exactly?"

"Trying to replicate whatever happened in Jiera between Lith and Ryla." Quylla replied.

The best lie was the one wrapped in truth, and it explained almost everything. Too bad that almost didn’t work with Jirni Ernas. The presence of Raaz and Nalrond didn’t make much sense, and neither did assembling so many people for a preliminary study.

"I wish you all the best, but now I would really like to take a look at my grandchildren, if you don’t mind." Jirni took a mental note of her questions and put them on the back of her mind for another day.

As always, before asking questions, she liked to have a few answers.

"Are you talking about me or Friya?" Quylla asked.

"Both." Jirni replied after a second of hesitation. "I have a hard time believing that our family is growing so quickly, and I need to make sure this isn’t just a dream."

"Gods, you are right, dear." Orion said with a laugh. "It seems the Verhens aren’t the only ones with a predisposition for twins."

"Yeah." Elina sighed while giving Kamila a loving look. "Maybe next time we’ll be luckier."

"Next time?" Kamila echoed in shock. "I mean, sure, but after Ral is born, we are thinking of taking a bit of time for ourselves. Three children back-to-back require a lot of attention."

She actually had not even considered the idea of a new pregnancy, let alone twins, but Elina’s hurt expression had forced Kamila to say something.

"You’re right, sweetie." Elina’s frown turned into a smile as she caressed Kamila’s womb. "I put over a year between pregnancies while Ral is coming right after Ely and Val. You have to take some time for your children, yourself, and your marriage."

"Thanks for the advice, Elina." Kamila replied, swallowing hard.

’I have only a bit more than one year of free time after Ral is born?’

She actually thought.

’What if I get pregnant again and I really get twins? How am I supposed to deal with five small children? And why do I feel terrible at the idea of refusing Elina’s absurd request?’

"Good gods, Friya!" Jirni’s unusual tone snapped Kamila out of her daze. "I can believe it was an unexpected discovery. Even knowing that you are pregnant and with my knowledge of human anatomy, finding the little ones has been a challenge."

The twins were each smaller than a pea, and the life force of their mother eclipsed their own. After Jirni located them in the womb, they were so close that she would have mistaken them for a single child if she didn’t know better.

"I told you so, Mom." Friya cleared her throat while Lucky leaned on her with his forelegs, sniffing and listening to her abdomen.

"How do you know they are boys?" Jirni frowned as she searched her daughter’s face for the slightest clue.

"The life force, Mom." Quylla said. "Once you learn how to study someone’s life force with your breathing technique, you can tell their gender at a glance."

"It’s true." Elina and Rena nodded. "Lith did it for us since he was a student at the White Griffon."

"I’ll take your word for it." Jirni was focusing more on the battle aspects of being an Awakened. She knew how to heal any wound, but had no interest in learning if her enemies were pregnant. "Two boys. It’s good news.

"After so many baby girls, it’s more than good. It’s perfect. Ral will have his pick, and so will Elysia. The chances of our Households joining in marriage just increased thanks to you, sweetie."

"Mom!" Friya turned even more purple. "You can’t betroth someone who isn’t even born! Also, his pick? How can you say something like that? Our children aren’t merch on a shelf!"

"I never said that, Friya." Jirni’s eyes narrowed. "I’m only pointing out that our families are friends, and the age gap between the children will be minimal. They will grow, play, study magic, and enrol in the White Griffon academy together.

"Is it such an implausible thought that things may develop from there?"

"No." Friya had to concede the point. "But-"

"Also, Elysia is such a beautiful baby." Jirni cut her short. "I’m sure she’ll grow into a beautiful woman. Do you think your children will find her repulsive?"

"Re?" The baby girl had no idea what everyone was talking about, but she still felt somewhat offended.

At that point, Friya had to weigh her words carefully. One wrong move and the glares from the Verhens would make her regret the day she was born.

"Absolutely not! I think Ely and my children will be best friends." Friya escaped the deathtrap with a masterful sidestep.

"My point exactly." Jirni nodded. "Best friends first, and then, who knows? Enough with these silly arguments. We need to celebrate!"

***

The party was kept private to keep the news from reaching the ears of the many enemies of the Ernas and the Verhens. The celebrations lasted the whole day, giving Friya her first taste of maternity.

"No alcohol for you, young lady." Selia took Friya’s glass of wine away. "Now, here’s a list of things you can’t drink, eat, or do anymore."

"Gods, how could this happen to me?" Friya whined.