Chapter 3835: Deceiving Appearances (Part 2)

Chapter 3835: Deceiving Appearances (Part 2)

“Well, congratulations, Lith, you were wrong.” Quylla said. “The first clue of your talents as an evolved human should have been your wings’ ability to draw in the world energy. Their ability to burn with different elemental energies should have been the second.”

“You’re right!” Lith said in excitement. “That’s why I can amplify Life Maelstrom. It’s because of my yellow eye and the golden lightning. In the same way, I can turn the Life Maelstrom into the Jotunn’s black lightning by mixing it with the darkness of my black eye.”

“And that should also be the reason you can tap into the Davross’ elemental abilities of your armor’s alloy with a little help from the Elemental Storage.” Quylla nodded. “To put it simply, the form of your eyes and wings is that of a Phoenix, yet the energy they carry is that of an evolved human.

“A rank 3 evolved human, to be precise. Look at the images.”

Quylla made the footage go back to the points when Lith’s energy wings formed and faded away.

“Your Fomor-like energy wings originated from your feathered wings. It’s no different from what happens when a Fomor like Ryla Awakens. The single set of wings splits into three sets of energy wings, one for each element.

“If my hypothesis is correct, the runes on Lith’s wings are no different from the proto-wings formed by Solus’ hair during the fight. Energy stored and waiting to be unleashed.”

“What about me?” Tista said.

“Your wings should work the same way, with the difference that having two sets of feathered wings allowed you to split your human energy evenly instead of focusing it on a single set like Lith.” Quylla mused.

“There’s still something I don’t understand.” Solus said. “Why does the tower mark me as an unknown rank? I only have two eyes and no wings in my current state.”

“According to my theory, your seven streaks put you on the verge of evolution, just like Friya.” Shocked silence met Quylla’s words. “In your case, however, Lith’s life force pushes you further ahead.

“Remember that the tower is using him as a template to rebuild your body, so you are a rank 0 and 3 human at the same time. Your transformation during the battle against Ruugat proves it and my theory.”

“Wait a second.” Friya looked at her back, almost expecting wings to pop out of it at any moment. “What does this have to do with me and my hair?”

“More than you think.” Quylla replied. “A Balor has white hair like a white crystal. A Fomor always has six streaks, and I bet that if either of them could Awaken and master Spirit Magic, they would have hair just like yours.

“The hair of Valeron’s the First’s apex form was emerald. Ryla’s skin and Morok’s scales turned emerald. Solus’ hair turned into wings. What does this tell you?”

“Good gods!” The room erupted into an uproar. “That’s why I had to circulate the world energy through my hair to reach the violet. I was right, I don’t have eyes like Lith and Morok.

“I couldn’t use my eyes to split the world energy, but I could use my hair to absorb it! A human’s streaks are akin to a Balor’s wings. They are meant to be used to absorb the world energy, and when they accumulate enough of it, they can become wings!”

Friya turned toward Solus, who looked at her hair like it could bite her.

“You wish.” Quylla shook her head. “Streaks can’t turn into wings. Solus’ case is special. She shares Lith’s multiple bloodlines and abilities. During the fight, her body simply rearranged the mass it had to suit its awakening potential.

“If a seven-streaked human managed to accumulate enough world energy, however, I believe they could evolve. I can’t tell if you would become a Balor or a Fomor, Friya, or if you still can.

“The Hydra blood in your veins adds another variable of which I have no understanding. Before making any attempt at evolution, you should ask for Faluel’s advice and wait for your twins to be born.”

“Your working theory makes sense, Quylla.” Lith thought about how Vastor had developed his wings and eyes at the same time. “It makes a lot of sense.”

“Indeed.” Solus nodded. “Humans can have no elemental affinity, whereas Balors always have at least two affinities, like the magical beasts. Fomors always have six eyes and wings, but if that is due to evolution or Glemos’ design is impossible to tell.”

“Thank you.” Quylla bowed as much as her condition allowed her. “Yet there are still many things I can’t figure out. For example, I have no idea whether Lith and Tista are supposed to develop two more physical wings, or if they will be made of pure energy, as happened under the influence of the tower.

“Worst case scenario, their diluted human blood might limit them to four elemental abilities.”

“I don’t know about the final number of wings, but I’m pretty sure that it’s unlikely Lith can produce energy wings.” Menadion said. “What you see in the recording is the tower’s doing.

“I know because that’s part of the Prime Engine’s original design, and Lith lacks anything on his back that could maintain a steady flow of elemental energy.”

“True, but you’ve seen what happened to Ryla, and we have already discussed what happens to a Fomor upon Awakening.” Quylla countered.

“Lith is already Awakened, but unlike a Fomor, he never noticed his potential as an evolved human and trained solely to tap into his Divine Beast bloodline abilities. Lith is like a Phoenix raised by chickens.

“He never took flight nor had a reason to produce fire.”

“I like how you think.” Salaark smiled.

“Thanks, Overlord.” Quylla cleared her throat in excitement. “Yet there’s another thing I can’t explain. How did the tower suddenly develop the ability to support Lith’s dormant bloodline abilities, and how did they spread to Ryla first and then to the rest of the allied forces?”

“I can answer your first question, child.” Menadion said. “The tower didn’t develop any ability. It could always do that. I built the – gods, if I hate this name – Prime Engine based on my research on Valeron the First.

“I didn’t have the time or the ability to reproduce his eyes, but his wings and body didn’t work much differently from my Hands. I didn’t add the Spirit Element because it would make the tower useless to anyone but me, and I planned to leave it to Ep- Solus as part of my legacy.

“After bonding with Lith, the tower developed the seventh element as well, and so did the rest of my Set. Another change in the tower that Lith’s life force might have caused is its newfound ability to amplify his elemental powers.”

“What are you talking about?” Lith asked.

“Remember what Ryla taught us, Lith.” Much to everyone’s surprise, Morok answered Lith’s question. “Wings are for absorption and splitting. It’s no different from what the tower does when it absorbs the world energy and allocates it to its various floors.

“Each floor acts as one of our eyes, releasing the power according to Ripha’s enchantments. Yet the tower isn’t supposed to channel the elemental powers you’ve demonstrated during the battle against Ruugat.”