Chapter 3837: Not Like Breathing (Part 2)

Chapter 3837: Not Like Breathing (Part 2)

"Maybe it’s because my wings are made of pure energy, but I can’t make way for the world energy. I need just a thought to push my mana out, but moving it away? I’m trying everything I can, but nothing."

"Try emitting your mana from your eyes, big brother." Garrik said. "Split it into the six elements and breathe it out until only your life force is left. Then close your eyes and focus on your wings."

Morok followed his little brother’s advice and produced six elemental pillars from his eyes. He shot them towards the sky to ensure that nobody would get hurt and not trigger the defensive arrays of the Mansion.

"Not like that." Garrik studied the pillars for a few seconds, noticing that Morok kept a constant output. "All at once. You don’t breathe out this slowly with your nose. You do it at once because you know you can take a breath in just as quickly."

"Yes, master." Morok replied, making the young Fomor-Tyrant hybrid chuckle.

The Tyrant exhaled from his mouth and emptied his eyes at the same time. Then he inhaled from his nose and wings, but only air flowed through both.

"It’s not working. Sorry, little brother."

"Because you have stopped." Garrik said. "Keep pushing elemental energy, no matter how little it comes out. Like this!"

He generated a thin stream of red mystical flames from his hand while his wings absorbed the surrounding world energy.

Morok noticed how Garrik’s wings failed to split the world energy correctly. Only a few patches of his feathers became red, and the resulting stream of flames was erratic. One second was smaller than a candle’s flame, and the next it resembled a proper tier one spell.

"I understand my mistake now, little brother." The Tyrant nodded. "When you talked about breathing, I imagined my eyes as my mouth and my wings as my nose, but the mental image I pictured is wrong.

"My wings and eyes can work at the same time. I don’t need to breathe in the world energy first and then breathe it out as I’ve done until now. I must do everything at once."

’And that’s why I told you that it’s not like breathing but more like opening a channel.’

Solus grunted via the mind link.

’Too many cooks spoil the broth.’

The Tyrant replied.

’I can only follow one advice at a time, and yours made no sense. Now it does. Thanks, Solus.’

"Thanks, Garrik." Morok took a deep breath with Invigoration to replenish his dwindling mana and gave the young Fomor’s technique another try.

Morok kept emitting elemental energy from his eyes, and nothing happened for several minutes. Then, a faint crackle accompanied sparks of world energy arching on the reverse-V shaped bones on his back that generated his wings.

The Tyrant’s six eyes lit up with the power of the elements and started to emit short pulses of energy. It was at that point that Morok doubled over in pain and coughed up blood.

"You did it, big brother! I always knew you were a genius!" Garrik jumped with joy.

"Thanks, little brother, but this is nothing." Morok spat a lump of blood and phlegm out as the sparks on his wings and the light in his eyes faded. "I can bleed much, much more than this. One time I had one of my hearts pierced-"

"He’s talking about your success in absorbing the world energy!" Ryla shut Morok’s mouth with her hand. "Stop talking about your wounds. You are scaring Garrik!"

Only then did the Tyrant turn to his younger brother and notice that the boy had become as pale as a ghost.

"Pwrry." He took the hand away and tried again. "Sorry for the dark humor, little brother. I didn’t mean to be sarcastic, but spitting blood is still far from success. I’m not a genius."

"Yes, you are!" Garrik rebuked as if Morok had offended him. "You achieved in a few minutes what it took me months. Your only mistake was to send the world energy to your mana core."

"I did what now?" The Tyrant asked in confusion.

"Never send the world energy from your wings to your core." Garrik gave his brother a quizzical look. "You are supposed to select one element and send it to your corresponding eye, like Mom instructed you. Like this."

The young Fomor emitted a burst of fire element from his red eye while using his hands to trace an imaginary path connecting the red tufts of feathers on his back directly to his head.

"I see." Morok nodded. "A Tyrant’s eyes absorb the world energy and split it on their own, so I assumed my wings could do the same. That as long as I didn’t activate a bloodline ability, I could use the world energy gathered by my wings to generate elemental pillars without expending my mana."

"You wish, big brother, and so do I." Garrik sighed.

"What you’ve just experienced is not a flaw but a defensive mechanism." Ryla patted the young Fomor’s head. "Without it, one might try to activate more than one elemental ability at a time. If you do that, you’ll end up much worse than Morok did just now."

"Really?" The brothers asked in unison.

"Yes." Ryla nodded. "As long as you don’t make the world energy pass through your mana core, we Fomors can emit all elements at the same time just like Tyrants."

Her wings shone with prismatic light, and her eyes emitted six thin pillars of energy into the sky.

"Yet either you take the time to build up the power, or you’d better use two elements tops. With only one set of wings, splitting the world energy into six identical streams means reducing the flow that every eye receives to one-sixth.

"To overcome this issue, a Fomor must Awaken and gain six wings. As for the elemental abilities, one is the limit. Awakening makes a Fomor’s elemental abilities even more powerful, but all those who tried to use two or more at the same time got gravely injured.

"Everyone but Lith." Ryla looked at him with envy before sighing and adding: "I too briefly did it with his help, but that moment is gone."

"Give yourself and Quylla time, Ryla." Morok said.

"I’m sorry. I’m interrupting your training with your whining." She cleared her throat. "Please, continue."

"Now that I’ve learned to absorb the world energy, how do I move on to the second step and split the world energy with my wings?" Morok noticed that Ryla was eager to change the topic and played along.

"That’s hard to explain." Ryla pondered. "But here’s a trick I learned as a child. Do like before, but this time, emit a single element. For example, fire. When you are about to run out of mana, let the world energy inside your wings.

"Your eyes will naturally draw in the fire element to keep fueling the pillar, making the fire element stand out compared to the others. This trick relies on our instinct and doesn’t always work.

"Even when it does work, it’s not easy to notice the slight imbalance in the world energy. Yet once you get the hang of it, this technique allows you to distinguish the different elements that comprise the world energy."