Chapter 3840: Personal Question (Part 1)

Chapter 3840: Personal Question (Part 1)

The First Vampire had assigned the lands above and below the largest mana geyser of the Valak region to the people of Zelex.

It wasn’t powerful, but it affected an area wide enough for the various tribes to build their homes and cultivate their lands without ever reverting to their fallen state and shortening their lifespan.

In the south corner of the park, the weirdest scene of all was taking place. Emperor and magical beasts from the Trawn woods conversed amiably, drinking tea from cups as big as a bucket and eating biscuits the size of a plate.

’I swear, if they wore human clothes while eating human food and talking human language, I’d think I’ve taken a blow to the head.’

Elina thought.

’Until five years ago, I had never heard a beast talk.

’I believed my son to be a regular man, and I lived in a cozy farmhouse. Now my life revolves around Divine Beasts, I live in a luxurious mansion, and I consider normal things that in my youth would have stopped my heart.’

Nok chased Fluffly around the park, still thirsty for revenge, while Thula, the smaller Byk’s mother, praised Kalla for raising such a good cub.

"Just a few more months and my little bear will be as fit as a fiddle, dear Kalla." Thula said.

"I’m happy for you, Thula." Kalla replied. "I’m even happier for our sons. Who would have thought they would become such good friends?"

The Wight had completely forgotten about the previous incident and sincerely believed Nok chased after Fluffy until he begged for mercy, only to help his friend lose weight.

"As for you, pumpkin, how can you do this to your mother?" Elina took Surin out of the playpen and into her arms.

"No?" The baby girl replied.

"Please, sweetie." Elina sighed. "Everyone has already learned how to say mama, even Dripha."

"Mama!" Dripha confirmed.

"Mama!" Elysia nodded.

"Mommy!" Valeron the Second received many glares for showing off.

He was older, hence, like Shargein, he was considered a cheat.

"See what you mean?" Elina said. "Somehow, you understand what Valeron says, you even glare at your big brother, but you can’t say mama?"

"Ba?" Surin asked.

"Gods, please, if this isn’t baby babble but Elysia’s ba, don’t let me know." Elina raised her eyes to the sky.

"You got it." The image of Leegaain pointing at her with both hands appeared and faded in the clouds so fast that a normal person would have thought they were hallucinating.

"I really walked into that one." Elina sighed. "Please, sweetie pie, say mama. Mama. Even dada would do, but I’d really prefer mama."

"Mama?" Surin asked, receiving warm applause from the occupants of the playpen.

"Thank you, baby girl." Elina hugged her daughter, trying to ignore the detail of the little Dripha clapping her small hands. "Mommy needed this. Mommy was starting to worry about you."

"Mama!" Surin said with a shocked expression. "Mama! Mama!"

"Calm down, pumpkin. Everything is fine now. Why are you making such a fuss?" Elina asked.

"Because she was saving it for a moment when you were upset." Salaark said. "She didn’t mean to make you upset."

"Gama!" Elysia rebuked the Guardian, mixing baby babble and Dragontongue.

"And now Elysia is scolding me for violating whatever the baby code is." Salaark shrugged. "Listen up, young lady, I’m a mother, and a mother is always right."

"Wa?" Elysia asked in confusion.

"Yes, I’m right and you are wrong." Salaark replied. "Surin made Elina worry with her stunt. As your big sister, you should have taught her better. Bad Elysia. What if you made Gama Elina cry? What if you make your mom cry?"

"So-y." Elysia sniffled, feeling terrible at the idea.

"Sorry." Valeron lowered his gaze, ashamed of himself.

"You’re lucky you’ve already apologized, young man, because you were next on my list." Salaark caressed the babies, soothing their worries. "A good big brother looks out for his entire family, not just his siblings. Are we clear?"

"Yah." Elysia said, and the rest of the babies nodded.

"So-y." The baby girl turned toward Elina, extending her arms in the hope of receiving a hug, the universal gesture of forgiveness.

For a baby.

"Oh, sweetie, I’m not angry with you." Elina put her grandchild in the crook of her left arm while her daughter rested in the right. "Or rather, I should be angry with you, but since you apologized and no one got hurt, everything is forgiven.

"No more secrets with Grandma Elina, okay?"

"Ay." Elysia nodded and pointed her finger at Valeron.

"I would love to hug you too, baby, but I only have two arms." Elina replied.

Valeron pondered the issue for a few seconds before turning into his Divine Beast form and flying into her lap. He hugged Elina’s chest, and she held him between her arms in a family embrace.

"Say it again, sweetie. Say, mama." She said Surin after reassuring the babies.

"Mama!" The baby girl replied. "Mama!"

"Thank you! You’re so- Gods! I’m so stupid. Raaz is going to kill me. I’m making him miss our daughter’s first word!"

"Mama?" Surin asked in confusion.

"Shush, baby. No more talking until Daddy arrives."

After all that fuss to make her talk, Suring couldn’t fathom why she was now being silenced. She looked at Valeron and Elysia, who she assumed were her siblings, but the older babies were just as confused.

Meanwhile, Elina tried and failed to use her communication amulet from that awkward position.

"Grandma, do you mind?" She asked.

"Sure. Just give me one moment." Salaark focused on Raaz’s aura, ensuring he wasn’t in a compromising position or discussing important matters before magically kidnapping him.

"I don’t care about trends." Raaz said to the empty air. "Wheat sells cheap, but it doesn’t spoil easily and fills bellies. Posh fruits- Where is Bromann? Where am I?"

Salaark tapped his shoulder to get his attention and then pointed at Elina.

’I would ask if everything is alright and if something bad happened, but since Mother brought me here, she would take it as a personal offense.’

He thought.

’I’m glad you’ve learned your lesson, child.’

Salaark’s voice resounded in his mind.

"How many times do we have to discuss privacy and personal boundaries, Mother?" Raaz grunted, but the Guardian ignored him and took a few steps back. "Why did you even kidnap me if you refuse to talk to me?"

"Because I asked her to." Elina cleared her throat in embarrassment. "I wanted you here because our baby girl has something to tell you."

Raaz looked at Elina in joy and then at Surin with an expectant look. In turn, the baby girl looked at Elysia and Valeron, who answered her silent question with a nod.

"Dada!"

"Thank you, gods!" Raaz laughed as he picked up the baby from Elina’s arm and spun her in the air. "I was starting to get scared you had problems speaking, pumpkin. I can’t believe I missed your first, no, second word, but since it’s dada, all is forgiven."

Elina’s eyes narrowed as she frowned at both Elysia and Valeron. The babies joined their small hands in silent pleas, and their eyes watered up until they were milliseconds away from crying.