Chapter 3833: Buried Secrets (Part 2)

Chapter 3833: Buried Secrets (Part 2)

A wave of Quylla’s hand conjured the partial schematics of the six-winged form of the Prime Engine.

"How come the tower knows how to deal with the powers of an evolved human? How come the surface of the Engine turned emerald green exactly like it happened to Morok’s and Ryla’s skin?"

"Damn, you’re way smarter than I thought, Quylla." Lith sighed. "And I already thought quite highly of you. Sadly, this is not my secret and it’s not mine to share."

Everyone turned to Ripha. Lith’s influence may have modified the tower’s enchantments, but it was the First Ruler of the Flames who had laid their foundations. Without her, none of what Lith had achieved would have been possible.

’Mom, I know that Uncle Val was your friend, but these people are our friends. We can trust them. Also, you’ve heard Quylla. After witnessing the Engine’s full power, they no longer believe our cover story for our theory of how humans are supposed to channel Spirit Magic.

’I know we were supposed to keep the Prime Engine’s pseudo-apex form a secret, but we didn’t reveal it on purpose. We had no idea the tower could reach that level without using Extinction, nor that it would react to Ryla’s eyes.’

’Nor did I, and I’m the one who created the tower.’

Menadion inwardly sighed.

’I’m not blaming you, Epphy, it’s just that I don’t want to taint the memory of Valeron the First. There is a good reason he never appeared in public in his apex form.

’Valeron wanted to be a role model for everyone. He wanted to show his people what any of them could achieve if they just gave it their all. Had he revealed his other form, people would have seen him as more than human but also less.

’They would have seen him as a monster, like it happened to Lith when his Divine Beast nature was exposed. Valeron carried his secret to the grave, and I’m not going to be the one to unearth it.’

’Mom, this isn’t just about King Valeron.’

Solus replied, overlooking her mother’s use of her old name.

’It’s also about Lith and me. What we learn today about our abilities might save our lives in the future.

’With or without your help, it’s only a matter of when, not if. I’m not going to stop looking for answers just because you say so. Elysia carries these same powers, and so does Raldarak, and will any child I might bear in the future.’

The argument about saving her daughter’s life was more than enough to persuade Menadion. Bringing up her potential future grandchildren was overkill.

’What do I do?’ Menadion thought after silencing the mind link. ’I want to help Epphy, but I also don’t want to betray Valeron’s trust. What if someone learns about his true nature and digs up his body? What if his descendants are targeted...’

Suddenly, Menadion remembered that white cores didn’t pass down their abilities and could put her worst fears to rest.

’Tyris is probably keeping Valeron’s body in a crypt under the Royal Palace, if not even in her dimensional amulet to keep it from rotting. I doubt there is any force on Mogar that can prise Valeron’s remains from her, but better safe than sorry.’

"I must say that I’m offended." Quylla asked after the silence lasted long enough to become awkward. "Do you really trust us so little that it takes you so long to make a decision this simple?"

"It’s not because they don’t trust you, Quylla Ernas, it’s because I don’t." The First Ruler of the Flames took the hot potato off Solus’ hands and squashed it like a bug. "The answer you seek is not theirs to share, only mine.

"What you mistook for hesitation is respect. Respect for the person I was and am, my past friendships, and the vows I keep even beyond the grave."

Quylla was taller than Menadion, but the First Ruler’s glare made her feel like a snotty brat facing the scolding of her teacher.

"I’ve made my mind, but I can’t share this information with you without getting permission from the person who might suffer from the consequences of your curiosity. Give me a minute. I’ll be back soon."

Menadion turned around even though it wasn’t necessary and Warped into another room.

’Gods, how could I be so stupid?’

Quylla’s face flushed in embarrassment.

’Ripha built the tower, hence it couldn’t be Lith’s and Solus’ doing. How could I forget that Ripha was Silverwing’s apprentice?

’Just like Baba Yaga turns into an Asura, the First Magus must turn into whatever the human apex form is called. I made a fool of myself in front of two Magi, and maybe I even made an enemy out of them.’

"Sally?" Menadion called for the Guardian the moment she appeared in the nursery.

"How many times do I have to tell you not to call me that?" It was Salaark’s turn to look after Elysia, and she rarely strayed more than a few meters away from the baby girl.

"Sa-y! Sa-y!" Elysia said.

"Sally!" Valeron the Second said. "Nana!"

"My point exactly." The Overlord sighed and took the babies in her arms. "You can call me however you want, my Featherlings."

"I’m sorry to bother you, but I need to speak with Tyris." Menadion bowed to Salaark, which was enough to let her understand how serious the issue was.

"What’s the matter, Ripha? Is everything alright?" Tyris appeared while her name was still resounding through the room.

"Do you want me to leave?" The Overlord asked.

"It’s not necessary." Menadion used a mind link to share her current predicament with both Guardians.

’You are a good friend and a good person, Ripha.’

Tyris said.

’Don’t worry, my Val wouldn’t have cared about his secret if it meant saving the life of even one of his subjects. As for his corpse, it’s long gone.

’It turned into dust that I tossed in the wind hundreds of years ago.’

’He’s gone?’

Menadion’s eyes widened, refusing to refer to the First King’s remains like an object.

’I thought he was interred in the stone statue in the underground Throne Room or that...’

’I carried him with me wherever I went?’

Warm tears streamed down Tyris’ cheeks.

’I do, but in my heart. I knew that if I held on to his body, I would never be able to let Valeron go.

’Also, I was afraid that my love might turn into an obsession and call him back from the dead. I couldn’t risk my feelings binding his soul to his corpse and damning Valeron to become an undead.

’You know how strong he was in both mind and soul. If he became an Abomination because of me, I would have never forgiven myself. So, I let time and nature take their course. There’s nothing left of him but the Kingdom he built and the memories we made.’

"Gama! Gama!" The babies noticed Tyris’ tears and worried about her.

"It’s alright, Featherlings." The Guardian spoke with a warm and soothing voice. "Grandma is just sad. There’s nothing to worry about."

The children flew from Salaark’s arms into Tyris’ nonetheless, licking her face to console her.