Chapter 3849: Magical And Military Feats (Part 2)

Chapter 3849: Magical and Military Feats (Part 2)

“Good to hear.” Meron nodded. “As for your equipment, you told Vladion that the Overlord would cover the repair costs. Did she go back on her word?”

“Absolutely not.” Lith rushed to say.

Salaark didn’t mind being used as a shield to cover for the existence of the tower, but she wouldn’t tolerate any slander of her honor.

“Then you have no excuse.” The King grunted. “Before moving to the main point of this conversation, I need a few answers. Is it true that your human bloodline is evolved and stable?

“I heard it from Raagu and my generals, but I won’t believe it until you confirm it.”

“Yes, it’s true.” Lith sighed, expecting another rebuke.

“Excellent.” Meron’s jovial tone foiled Lith’s prediction. “What about our lovely Elysia? Is she…”

“Yes, I checked it upon my return.” Lith suddenly understood why the King was so interested in his personal matters. “Elysia carries my same evolved human bloodline, and so does Raldarak. It can be inherited.”

“Magnificent.” Meron nodded. “And it can guide regular humans to the same path. Is that correct?”

“I can’t confirm that.” Lith shook his head. “I tried replicating the phenomenon, but nothing happened.”

The Elemental Storage had yet to recharge, but Lith preferred to lie and claim failure rather than raise the Crown’s expectations and be poked and prodded.

“It’s a pity, but keep trying. Please, tell your friend Ryla that if her condition ever stabilizes, the Crown will welcome her with open arms.” Meron sighed. “What about your Omega Prime? It went toe to toe with a lost city, and you survived to tell the tale. Is there any chance you can share its blueprints?

“I know it’s expensive, but the Kingdom could use an anti-lost city weapon. In exchange, the Crown is willing to fund all your future experiments about the Omega Prime and share with you any improvement the Royal Forgemasters might make on your designs.”

“It’s a tempting offer, Your Majesty, but the Kingdom’s resources are better invested in something else.” Lith replied. “Only a Divine Beast can shoulder the Omega Prime’s burden, and only a Tiamat can power its enchantments.

“On top of that, if I didn’t have Ryla with me and if our human bloodlines didn’t resonate, the mission would have failed. To get that output, you need one Tiamat, one Fomor, and something I can’t even name, let alone trigger at will.”

“Are you sure a human can’t use it?” The King asked.

“No more than the Saefel Armor can turn its wearer into the Emerald Knight.”

“Fine, let’s go back to official business.” Meron said. “You took down another lost city, and the Kingdom has become safer and richer. I need you to clear your schedule as much as you can.”

“To do what?” Lith asked in confusion.

“You don’t seem to understand the magnitude of your accomplishments, Magus Verhen.” The King said. “A victory is no victory if there is no celebration, and there can’t be a celebration without a hero.”

“I’m no hero, Your Majesty, and I couldn’t defeat Ruugat alone.” Lith shook his head. “Many people like Dawn, Vladion, and Syrah deserve as much credit as I do.”

“Yeah, too bad that Vladion and Dawn have a dubious reputation, and they didn’t fight for the Kingdom.” Meron snorted. “The Hati Queen is a valuable ally, but she still turns into a bloodthirsty monster the moment she steps out of a mana geyser.

“She can’t be the one we parade to the public. You are the Kingdom’s Supreme Magus. You played a significant role in the conflict, and your actions saved countless lives. Do I need to say more?”

“No, Your Majesty.” Lith raised his hands in surrender. “What do you need me to do?”

“First, to get out of the Verhen Mansion and show your face around for more than two minutes.” Meron replied. “Second, the Crown expects you to take part in a few interviews with me and the Queen. Last, but not least, I need to know your projects.”

“With all due respect, Your Majesty, not even you can order me to share my secrets.” Lith’s face hardened, and his voice became cold. “My magical research is mine and mine alone.”

“What in the nine hells are you talking about?” Meron looked at Lith like he had gone insane. “I mean your projects for your birthday and that of your daughter. They are both going to be huge events, and I need to prepare in advance.”

“My birthday is months away, and my daughter’s is even further off!” Lithe replied.

“Yeah, and if I leave you to your own devices, you’d throw something at the last minute and inform me the day before.” The King said. “Start the preparations now, and feel free to contact me in case you need advice.

“Now, about the celebrations for the victory, I was thinking it would be the perfect moment to release the civilian DoLorean we discussed a while ago. One magical and one military feat are the perfect combination to solidify your reputation as the only Supreme Magus in Mogar’s history.

“Are the blueprints ready, or do you need more time?”

Even though the civilian DoLorean was far inferior to the original model, its design necessitated the creation of a whole new power core and a new crafting method. It was something that would have taken months of careful study, even to a genius Forgemaster.

The materials were expensive, and before attempting to craft a prototype, the mage had to identify and iron out as many flaws as they could. Lith, however, had completed the project a few days after the Royals had commissioned it.

The Eyes of Menadion needed minutes to evaluate a blueprint and mark the parts that required further work. Then it was up to Lith and Solus to find a solution, but with their expertise, it didn’t take them long.

After the Eyes found no evident flaw in the project, the Workshop and the Factory had produced a prototype on their own. After field-testing its flight and defensive capabilities, Lith and Solus modified the power core and conjured a new prototype until they were satisfied with the results.

The only reason Lith and Solus had yet to deliver the blueprints of the civilian DoLorean was that being efficient was counterproductive. Completing an assignment meant that the Royals might assign them another, while being too fast meant raising the bar of the Crown’s expectations for all future projects.

“We finished the blueprints just a few days ago.” Lith lied through his teeth, and the King smiled at the good news. “I didn’t send it to you because during our last conversation, you told me the Tablets are turning out to be problematic.

“Are you sure the civilian DoLorean won’t end up the same way?”

“Nothing is certain, but I’m confident there should be no problems.” Meron replied. “The Tablets are for everyone, whereas an expensive artifact like the DoLorean is only for those who can afford it.

“There’s a limited number of nobles and merchants who can buy it, and even fewer who are willing to spend so much for a new, untested technology. We’ll observe them closely and decide whether to increase or stop the production of the DoLorean based on how it affects society.”