Chapter 3848: Magical And Military Feats (Part 1)

Chapter 3848: Magical and Military Feats (Part 1)

Lith looked up and noticed that practice only made the triplets faster and more reckless in their aerial maneuvers.

“Fine. Falco! Lenart! Teryon! Slow down, or I’ll reforge your armors without the ability to fly.” Lith said and the triplets begrudgingly obeyed.

“The Voidwalker armor is really cool, big brother, but I prefer flying on my own.” Aran landed with the grace of a falcon. “My flight spell is faster and more precise.”

“Indeed, but it also takes focus and consumes your mana.” Lith replied. “This enchantment allows you to cast your spells while you run away in case of emergency. Also, don’t underestimate me, little brother.

“Try using your flight spell in combination with the armor’s floating enchantment.”

Much to Aran’s and Leria’s surprise, the Voidwalker armor reduced their weight while the streams of air magic increased their speed and maneuverability. It also created an air blade in front of the children, shielding them from specks of dust and flying insects and creating a slipstream effect.

“This is so cool!” Aran became faster and faster until he upset his stomach.

His lunch worked its way up to his esophagus with increasing vigor, forcing Aran to land before the uprising reached its predictable ending.

“This has never happened with my flight spell.” Aran took long and slow breaths to regain his composure.

“Because you never went faster than your body could handle.” Lith replied as Leria joined them, her face greener than a Dryad’s. “Thanks to the enchantments, you can fly as if your mana core were one level brighter.”

“Really?” They asked in excitement. “Did you add it to your armor as well? How fast can you go?”

“It doesn’t work for me.” Lith shook his head. “My mana core is too strong. The floating effect would make a negligible difference for me and takes space in the power core that I can use for something better.

“You guys, instead, have a deep green core. This kind of enchantment is so effective only because you lack the mana and mastery to take care of the fine-tuning by yourselves.

“If you keep practicing magic diligently, once you reach the cyan core, you won’t need the float enchantment either, and I’ll change it for something better.”

“I see.” Leria nodded as her stomach settled down. “Thank you, Uncle Lith.”

She and Aran took flight again and went to help the triplets. Thanks to all the practice with Vastor’s tattoos, the adults were getting better on their own, generating air currents from their hands and feet to stabilize their trajectory.

“Will our armors fly as well, Uncle Lith?” Fenrir tugged at his pants, staring at him with literal puppy eyes.

“You are asking the wrong person, pumpkin.” Lith replied. “Selia?”

“Maybe.” The huntress replied. “But if they do, I’ll get mine first. I can’t let this little rascal run away in a direction I can’t follow her. Also, I want the armors equipped with tracker spells to find my children.”

“You are underestimating me, Selia.” Lith said while the young Fastarrows whined in unison. “All my armors have trackers.”

***

Later, that afternoon, Lith, Solus, and Ripha returned to the tower to reset the imprint on the old Scalewalker armors and upgrade their enchantments before handing them to the Fastarrows.

“There’s something I don’t get, Mom.” Solus said as she and Lith used the tier one Creation Magic spell, Dismantle, to recycle the materials of their old prototypes. “Our quasi-flight enchantments are nothing big.

“Just a combination of basic air magic spells. How can we be the first ones to ever come up with such a simple application of their effects?”

“You are not the first ones, believe me.” Lith and Solus needed to practice Creation Magic just as much as Menadion needed to craft a modern power core to hone her outdated skills. “You are just the first true mages who put it into practice.”

“I beg your pardon?” Lith furrowed his brow in confusion.

“Think about it.” Menadion replied. “Mages have no need for such an enchantment, and we always like to keep our edge over regular humans. What you did is great for your family, but bad for the entire magical community. Awakened and not.

“In your shoes, I would keep it to myself. If your invention becomes public, the Kingdom might not be happy with you. The Royals-”

As if conjured by Menadion’s words, King Meron’s contact rune started to blink.

“You better not have jinxed it for me, Ripha.” Lith said before answering. “Greetings, your Majesty. To what do I owe the pleasure of this call?”

“You really don’t know?” Meron’s stern gaze sent a shiver down Lith’s spine.

“Not a clue.”

“Magus Verhen, I understand that you like your privacy, but you shouldn’t cut yourself off from the Kingdom like a hermit.” The King sighed heavily. “I’ve been expecting you to contact me for a few days now, and I’m disappointed I had to call you first.

“You have a duty to the Kingdom, Magus Verhen, and the Crown expects better judgment from you.”

‘This doesn’t make sense.’ Solus hid her panic behind a warm smile. ‘How can the Royals know about the new armor already? We field-tested it just a few hours ago.’

‘Maybe they have someone keeping an eye on the Mansion.’ Lith’s paranoia ran rampant. ‘Someone like Farg.’

“How could you disappear like that after the events of Jiera?” The King said, unaware of his reluctant subjects’ inner turmoil. “You played an important role in sealing Ruugat of the Earth.

“You strengthened the foothold of the Kingdom in Jiera and brought safety to our settlers. You have helped us improve our diplomatic relationships with the elves of Medolin, the merfolk, and the people of Zelex.

“According to some rumors, you have even demonstrated that human evolution is possible. I’ve seen the recordings of the fight, and our soldiers can’t stop talking about the feeling of attunement with the elements they experienced.

“You were there, right by their side, yet I had to learn all of this from second-hand sources. You should have contacted me immediately and given me a full report. Dealing with the press release and the public opinion alone has given me a massive headache.”

Lith stared at the King’s hologram with a mix of relief and confusion. He was glad his paranoia was wrong and that the secret of the new armor was safe, yet Meron’s reaction to the positive result of the mission in Jiera baffled him.

“I apologize, Your Majesty. You are right. I should have contacted you sooner, but I needed time to recover from the battle. I took quite a beating, and my equipment was in dire need of repairs.” Lith replied.

“With Meln still on the loose, restoring my full combat strength takes priority.”

“I expected as much.” The King nodded, yet his scowl didn’t soften. “For a day or two, though. You are an Awakened, Magus Verhen, and unless your life force gets damaged, it takes you a few breaths to recover your strength.

“Did the battle exacerbate your condition?”

“No.” Lith admitted.

Lying would have created a pointless mess, and the truth would have been exposed the moment a competent Healer checked his life force.