Chapter 3846: New Armors (Part 1)

Chapter 3846: New Armors (Part 1)

"It’s the same reason I can still make them even without Spirit Magic." Friya recited Tezka’s words. "That reason is the very thing that sets us apart from normal mages. We don’t feel the elements. We are the elements."

A long silence fell over the room as Friya and Nalrond racked their brains to understand the meaning behind Tezka’s hint.

"I’m sorry, I have no idea." The Agni said.

"Me neither." Friya shrugged. "In a way, it confirms your theory. You can’t make dimensional crystals out of Spirit Magic."

"Not really." Nalrond replied. "Tezka only said that he can make dimensional crystals without Spirit Magic. You could still be right. By the way, can Tezka use Domination?"

"I don’t think so." Friya said. "Otherwise he would have taught it to the other members of the Organization."

"How can he be a dimensional mage and not be able to use Domination?" Nalrond asked in confusion.

"I think he can use Domination. He just doesn’t know how." She replied. "He’s older than the Guardians, but when you become an Abomination, Mogar cuts ties with you. He probably stopped feeling the elements as other than food until a few years ago."

"What if he learns how to use Domination?"

"Without a master? That’s unlikely." Friya shook her head. "Also, it’s utterly terrifying."

***

By lunchtime, everyone received their Adamant Voidwalker armor. They were studded with violet crystals the size of a walnut and only possessed defensive enchantments, but they were a massive upgrade compared to Lith’s old prototypes.

Each one of them had a power core, several defensive features based on Light Mastery, and gave their wearer the ability to fly with air magic.

"Thank you, big brother. I look so cool!" Aran couldn’t stop staring at his own armored reflection.

The enchanted metal glistened like polished silver, and its frame made the young boy look much more muscular than he actually was.

"Emphasis on look." Leria rolled her eyes.

She and everyone else had already shapeshifted their Scalewalker armor into their everyday clothes.

"Under Uncle Lith’s masterpiece, you are still the same annoying brat."

"The pot calling the kettle black." Aran never took his eyes off the mirror as he talked. "Also, have you ever heard the phrase, armor makes the warrior?"

"What warrior?" Leria replied. "The only battle you’ve ever experienced is against Grandma Elina to make you eat your greens!"

"That’s not true!" Aran finally turned to look at his rival, blushing in embarrassment.

"I wish." Elina sighed. "All the tricks I used on my other children failed with you, dear. Not even Lith could work his usual magic."

"Speaking of magic, thanks for the Bedtime Dragon, lil bro." Rena brimmed with joy as much as the triplets stared daggers at Lith. "Ever since you enchanted my house with one, sending the kids to bed in time is easy as pie."

"Thanks for trapping us, Wardens Lith and Shargein." Falco grunted.

"Jailers." Teryon added.

"Despots." Lenart finished, glaring at the Wyrmling.

Lith had shaped Rena’s Bedtime Dragon after Shargein and had given it his same voice. The reason for this was that the whelp was always glad to help Rena with the triplets, and most importantly, he was a part of their life.

The construct called the children to bed, read them stories until they fell asleep, and acted as a warm blanket. Lith knew that, in time, the kids would grow fond of the Bedtime Dragon and might end up forgetting it was a spell and considering it a friend.

If that were to happen, when the triplets grew up and made real friends, they would experience feelings of guilt for abandoning the construct. Even worse, Lith’s paranoia terrified him with the prospect that they might learn Forbidden Magic to bring the Bedtime Dragon to life.

To avoid such a scenario, Lith had used Shargein as a base. The construct was life-like and indistinguishable from the original. The triplets believed that the array Warped the real Shargein every night from the Desert and blamed the Wyrmling and Lith for messing with their escapades.

"Talk to your uncles like that again, and you can kiss your brand-new armors goodbye." Senton said. "Ungrateful children deserve no gifts."

"You guys are the worst." Fenrir nodded. "Give the armors to us, Uncle Lith."

"Pretty please!" Lilia, Leran, and Selia joined the little girl’s plea.

"I can get the kids’ friendly competition, but why are you getting involved in this too, Selia?" Lith asked in confusion.

"Because no one in my family has an armor." She sighed. "We are still using those self-repairing clothes you gifted us years ago. I know that my kids are tough and safe, but knowing they wear enchanted protections would lift a huge burden off my chest.

"Especially now that they tussle with the Hati kids every other day."

"What about Protector?" Kamila asked.

"I have an armor, but Faluel gave it to me, and only to protect her pride as my mentor." The Skoll lowered his gaze in embarrassment. "I even started storing it in the Spark ever since we basically moved in here.

"My armor was great against opponents at the bright blue like me. Now that I face Awakened with a violet core, it’s not that good."

To make matters worse, Protector’s Ouro armor fully covered him only in his human and hybrid forms. Once she shapeshifted into a full-size Skoll, Ouro only covered his head, spine, and vitals, leaving most of his body exposed.

Lesser or not, all Dragons hated giving treasures away for free, and Faluel was no exception. Ryman was her apprentice, but it was his duty to provide her with the materials for the equipment that he would imprint.

Alas, between balancing his work and taking care of a large family, Ryman could only undertake short missions that allowed him to earn plenty of gold but paid little in magical resources.

Lith was supposed to know about that, but due to his busy life and protecting his family, he had forgotten about Protector’s struggles.

"What about a few Skinwalker armor?" Lith asked. "They are made from regular cloth, and you can Forgemaster them at cost."

"That’s true, but while cloth is not expensive, the ingredients for a Skinwalker armor are." Ryman replied. "On top of that, they are almost the same as those I would need for a metal Skinwalker armor.

"I can’t waste such precious ingredients on mere fabric. I planned to save them for when I had earned enough Orichalcum to craft armor for everyone, but sadly, that never came to be."

"I can use Creation Magic, or at least I can ask Grandma to." Lith said. "I can recycle your ingredients at any time. Why didn’t you ask me for help?"

"Because you can, I don’t." Protector sighed. "I don’t like depending so much on you. I can’t expect you to come and fix my problems whenever something happens. To be honest, this conversation was never supposed to happen."

He frowned while looking at Selia, who raised her hand apologetically.

"I know, and I’m sorry for pulling the rug under your feet, darling." The huntress said. "But, please, try to understand how I feel."