Chapter 3842: Tipping The Scales (Part 1)

Chapter 3842: Tipping the Scales (Part 1)

The idea of gaining the ability to save their children’s lives hit Raaz and Elina hard.

"Why do you choose for yourselves the role of the lamb when you can at least be a ram?" Ophya continued. "Why be a helpless spectator when your children fight and bleed instead of becoming capable of restoring their mana and stamina?

"Size doesn’t matter with Invigoration. You don’t need to perform complex spells or understand anatomy. One breath and you could restore Lith’s health even if he were beaten an inch from death. The same would apply to Tista, Aran, Solus, and Surin."

The blonde handmaiden pointed her finger at the baby girl, who grabbed it.

"Why cry and call for a healer when you can heal her from any ailment?" Vyla asked. "To be honest, in your shoes, I would Awaken and prolong my life at least long enough to see your grandchildren grow up and marry.

"You can stop using your breathing technique at any time and start aging again. It worked for Valeron the First, why should it be any different for you?"

"I..." Elina thought back at all the nights spent worrying if her newborns were alright, waiting for dawn to visit Nana or disturb Tista for a check-up.

At all the times one of the children had gotten hurt, and she had to rely on someone else’s magical abilities to treat their wounds.

Raaz, instead, clenched his fists, remembering the time Orpal had captured him and how helpless he had felt. Then, his mind shifted to the sight of Elina lying in bed, her face pale and sweaty after the Awakened had attempted to kidnap her.

’If I were Awakened, I could have given Elina a check-up myself instead of pestering Mother and Lith every few minutes.’

He thought.

"Enough!" Lith stomped his way between the handmaidens, anger turning half of his skin into black scales. "You are upsetting my parents."

"Ophya and Vyla are speaking from their hearts, sweetie." Elina replied. "They are worried about us."

"I know, but you and Dad are upset nonetheless." Lith nodded in reply.

"As I said earlier, I apologize if I crossed a boundary." Ophya gave the Verhens a small bow. "Yet I couldn’t forgive myself for remaining silent if something bad were to happen to them. I just wanted to make sure they are aware of their options."

"Honestly, we were not. For that, you have my thanks, Ophya." Raaz returned the bow. "Now, son, what do you think about this?"

"I think Ophya and Vyla are right." Lith’s reply made everyone’s eyes widen in surprise. "Yet I assumed you and Mom refused Awakening because you are aware of the allure of power.

"Healing would just be the bait. Then, you would learn how to use Fusion and Spirit Magic. With each nibble of real magic you’d get, your hunger for ’just a bit more’ power would grow. Please, Dad, tell me I’m wrong.

"That you wouldn’t get swept by magic until your mana core becomes so strong that training is not a choice but a matter of survival."

Lith locked eyes with Raaz for a while, both men knowing that as long as Orpal lived, Raaz would never settle for Invigoration. Not when each breath of Accumulation would allay his trauma and fears.

"If I’m right, however, you’ll have to make sacrifices. Look at Kami and Selia. There’s simply not enough time in a day to study magic, take care of your family, and also of the farm." Lith added after a few seconds.

"There’s a reason I have no hobbies, and all my friends complain I disappear for weeks at a time. But at least I love magic. It’s my job and the path I’ve chosen in life. Can you say the same?"

"Mom, Dad, I’ll support whatever decision you make, but please, don’t take Awakening lightly. Think this thoroughly."

"Our son is right, dear." Raaz scratched his head in stress. "I have to admit that I use the tattoo potions whenever I have to do heavy lifting with the excuse of training. The fire, earth, and air potions make things easier and temper my body. Two birds with one stone."

"And I use the spell potions to do everything in the house since the day Zogar gave them to us." Elina blushed a bit. "Magic is fun, and it saves me a lot of time."

"See what I mean?" Lith sighed. "I’m all for you two having a long and healthy life, but I can’t train for you or force you to train. Just look at Aran. He-"

A small scale detached from Lith’s right hand as he weaved it and fell to the ground with a boom of thunder.

"What in the gods’ names-" Before Raaz could finish the phrase, the small scale grew in size until it became as big and thick as a tower shield.

Raaz and Elina raised their feet while Ophya and Vyla jumped away to avoid the blow.

"Guys, it’s just one scale!" Lith scoffed. "There’s no point making such a big deal-"

Another scale fell from his face, and one more from each of his hands.

They produced triple the clangor and left almost no free space on the ground near Raaz and Elina.

"I stand corrected." Lith said as more scales detached from his skin and a terrible itch plagued the pink parts of his still-human body. "This is a big deal. Grandma, what’s happening to me?"

"I’m glad someone finally remembered I’m standing right here and asked for my opinion in a family decision." Salaark said with a smile that didn’t extend to her eyes.

"This is about my scales, Grandma." Lith raised an eyebrow. "I need an explanation, not an opinion."

"As for my and Elina’s Awakening, that’s not a family decision either, Mother." Raaz chimed in. "It’s something we’ll decide on our own after discussing it thoroughly. And I mean between the two of us.

"No one else has a right to tell us what to do."

"We’ll have to agree to disagree." Salaark grunted. "I’m the progenitor of the Phoenix race, and everything regarding my blood should require my consent. Isn’t that right, beloved?"

"Yes, Mommy!" Shargein nuzzled the Guardian for cuddles and received aplenty.

"First, Shargein is not an impartial judge. He’d say anything to please you, Grandma." Lith said, and the Wyrmling nodded enthusiastically in reply. "Second, back on topic. What’s wrong with me?"

"One moment." Salaark picked one of the fallen scales from the ground as if it weighed nothing and shrank it back to its original size. "Just as I suspected. There’s nothing wrong with you, Featherling.

"Your scales have reached their maximum mana capacity, and so your body is making space for a new set of scales that will be able to better channel your mana flow and offer you better protection."

"Are you telling me I’m molting?" Lith asked.

"No, you are more Dragon than Phoenix." Salaark replied. "What you are experiencing is called shedding. The scales a Dragon, or in our case, a Tiamat, produces in his youth grow along with his body.

"Yet as a Tiamat’s mana core and bloodline abilities develop, sooner or later the scales fail to keep up."